Reefill is a New York - based company that wants you to stop buying bottled water . Their system , which will be installed in delis and fast food restaurants , lets you refill your water bottle for free with filtered tap water that should , in theory , be better than the swill you currently get from water fountains . The founders , Jason Pessel , Andrew Betlyon , and Patrick Connorton , first worked on the idea during the 2015 Think Beyond Plastic accelerator but they ' ve been lifelong friends . They bootstrapped the first few stations and won grants from NYU and the 2016 New York StartUp ! Business Plan Competition . They are raising $ 500,000 to create a pilot network of 100 locations in New York and have started and Indiegogo campaign to raise more funds . Reefill has advantages over both in that it provides the consumer with a product of equal quality and convenience to bottled water , only without the waste and high cost , and is far more convenient than water brought from home , school , or work since the consumer on - the - go need not worry about running low ; our dense network allows for frequent refilling and lets members carry smaller , collapsible water bottles , " said Pessel . The system works via RFID and an app . When you approach the station you unlock it with your bottle and grab sweet , sweet filtered water . The app shows where Reefill stations are hidden and you pay $ 1.99 a month for access . The system also maintains user data and can tell merchants and potential advertisers about popular places in the city . Finally , it keeps you from having to ask the folks behind the counter for free water . Pessel came up with the idea when he was walking through New York and could n't find a single place to refill his reusable bottle . Out of this frustration a product was born . While it does n't seem like much - a water fountain connected to an app , basically - Pessel notes that 50% of all bottled water comes from the tap anyway so this just cuts out the plastic - producing and , at $ 2 a bottle in New York , expensive middlemen .
For years , testing has proved a steep challenge for efficient and effective software development . Even today , testing is clunky , inconsistent , and time consuming . It 's widely recognized that testing automation is at best partial , and is the number one bottleneck in the software development and information technology operations ( DevOps ) toolchain . Once relegated to the startup and entrepreneurial sphere , DevOps has grown into a business imperative for any organization that wants to stay ahead of the game . The DevOps movement was birthed from a demand for innovation in the systems side of technology work , which had settled into a state of stagnation despite years of effort to improve the methodology of running systems . Borrowing from the theoretical elements of the Agile manifesto and other lean approaches , DevOps has progressed software development and delivery by establishing a platform where developers and operations engineers can work together throughout the entire service lifecycle . This integrative shift creates a culture and environment conducive of building , testing , and releasing software in a rapid yet reliable way . It 's no wonder that DevOps now represents the present and future of software delivery . In an ever increasingly VUCA ( Volatile , Uncertain , Complex , and Ambiguous ) marketplace , DevOps provides the recipe for fast , flexible , and efficient work that makes sure you do n't fall behind . By de - compartmentalizing the steps of system realization with a supporting background of esprit de corps , the DevOps approach prevents difficulties in collaborating between different departments that do n't always see eye to eye . Further focusing on a culture of integration , shared goals , and teamwork , the DevOps toolchain promotes agility and efficiency in place of inter - team friction and struggles . DevOps also adds substantial visibility into the development and release processes , allowing companies to better deal with environmental pressures and respond more quickly to customer needs . DevOps therefore provides that competitive edge that every company yearns for . Unfortunately , one element that has not yet caught up with this spirit of agility and efficiency is software testing , a critical part of the DevOps toolchain and software production in general . To date , well over 50 percent of business software testing is performed manually , which requires much more time and effort . Clearly , this is both frustrating and inefficient . More importantly , it simply does not align with the DevOps values of flexibility and lean principles . There are a few budding startups now offering an interesting solution : Codeless Automated Testing . This Tel Aviv - based company offers a SaaS - based intuitive UI for Selenium open - source framework . It allows testers that are experts in their business domain SP - but are not coders - to create automated tests simply by describing test scenarios on a virtual online canvas , which TestCraft then turns into Selenium automation code . Testers can then run the tests on TestCraft 's SaaS platform without any agents on the tester device - Windows or Mac . TestCraft seamlessly integrates with Test Management solutions to provide a holistic testing cycle . SP Similar approaches were attempted in the past by recorders and KDT ( Keyword Driven Testing ) , but these were only partially successful . TestingWhiz , a project of Cygnet Infotech , is a Codeless Automated Testing Tool for software , mobile , cloud , database , web and API testing . The tool provides the ability to do image comparison , scheduling , distributed execution , through multiple browsers and captcha automation . And also it is integrated with bug tracking , and test management tools . Endtest lets you to conceive , manage and run automated tests for Web Applications , without needing to code anything . It also includes a few nifty SP features , like the ability to take screenshots , and generate random input data . Plus , because you can run your tests directly on their cloud infrastructure , you do n't have to download and install any software . The essence of DevOps is to be agile and lean by cutting out unnecessary obstacles that slow and complicate software creation . Streamlining the process by eliminating bulky coding requirements should enable testing that is easy to use and maintain . Aside from resolving other testing issues that have bogged down system development for years , this approach could well represent the future of the DevOps . Read more about software development here on Tech . Co
RedLock Cloud 360 platform makes major advancement with holistic visibility into public cloud infrastructure environments that helps truly assess and monitor risk . Dynamic startup raises $ 12 million in funding from Sierra Ventures , Storm Ventures , Dell Technologies Capital , and other blue - chip investors SP
London 's position at the forefront of global finance is being threatened by a lack of investment in talent , technology and innovation , according to a new report from Level39 . The survey of Level39 's 900-strong community found that most think a shortage of talent is the biggest threat to banks and financial institutions in the UK ( 19% ) , followed by a lack of investment in research and development ( 17% ) and digital disruption ( 15% ) . International competition ( 15% ) was also highlighted as a major risk to the capital 's financial sector . Financial technology ( 26% ) , machine learning ( 22% ) and data analytics ( 20% ) were the three verticals expected to receive the most investment across the tech sector in 2017 . 30% of those surveyed said UK banks and institutions urgently need to invest in cyber security in order to " regain a competitive advantage " , yet only 13% thought that it would outperform other verticals for investment this year . Data science ( 28% ) and financial inclusion ( 17% ) were also cited as areas in need of funding . 90% of respondents agreed that if banks work together with London 's tech community to overcome obstacles and invest in these areas , the capital will have an ecosystem capable of " producing a critical mass of globally successful tech start - ups " . Ben Brabyn , head of Level39 , commented : " London is a global financial powerhouse , but its dominance in financial services is under existential threat . Failing to address these billion - dollar problems will send the industry hurtling towards a cliff - edge . The time for spectators is over - banks need to open their chequebooks and invest in the tech startups offering the innovations they need . " Investment from the world 's largest financial services IT budgets will realise the potential of billion - dollar ideas in fintech , cyber security and financial inclusion . By connecting ambitious individuals in finance with ambitious entrepreneurs , London will send a clear message to the global finance community - this is the home of innovation and billion - dollar opportunities . "
After a wild night out in the city , nothing beats being able to whip out your phone and quickly order your own personal driver to take you straight home to your front door . Ridesharing has rapidly evolved into a social norm over the last few years , as it 's become no longer frowned upon to be seen stepping inside a stranger 's vehicle , complete with dark tinted windows , at night . While ridesharing industry leader Uber 's booming popularity has made it a household name and a favourite success story for budding entrepreneurs , recent news has shown the flip side of the coin . Between claims of a sexist company culture and shady methods of overcoming regulatory hurdles , another issue putting the company in the spotlight is surge pricing , a problem which has , like the others , been floating in the background for some time . A new player in the ridesharing place looking to tackle the issue of sure pricing to benefit both drivers and passengers is Hi Oscar . The Perth - based startup wants to combine " all the thing drivers and users of rideshare apps want " into one app , offering a more transparent , fair marketplace that diverges from others ' less than stellar track record in terms of safety , dealing with sexual harassment , and surge pricing . For those who haven't heard of the issue before , surge pricing abuse , in essence , occurs when drivers forcibly create ' surge areas ' - spaces which are subject to Uber 's higher multiplying surge fees . These spaces traditionally emerge when an area holds a low number of drivers , a feature which can be abused when multiple drivers agree to switch their apps off and cheat the system into thinking there are none around , hence increasing the price for passengers . Hi Oscar cofounder Daniel Broughton had come across the issue - along with a bundle of other problems rideshare drivers were facing - when he was conducting research for another project . " People talk about things on forums where things like that are openly discussed , " he said . " There are a lot of honest drivers out there that do n't like surge and wo n't be part of it , but there is colluding from a driver 's perspective that I ' ve heard about . It impacts riders too , since they 'll agree on a pickup zone yet when they call the driver , they might pull the pickup location inside a surge zone if they 're nearby it . " To gain further insight into price surging abuse and the wider issues rideshare drivers face firsthand , Startup Daily spoke to Linda * - who spoke on the condition of anonymity - an Uber driver currently operating in Perth . Linda began driving for the platform early last year , with the on - off style of the job fitting perfectly into her lifestyle . Although her time as a driver started out smoothly , she soon discovered " colluding " occurring between drivers to surge prices in areas around Perth . " It 's a rort , and Uber knows that , " she said . " When I first started driving for Uber , they told me to go to the surge areas after I complained and told them I was n't making the amount I was told I would . I 'd drive towards [ surge areas ] on my map , but they would fade out as I approach it . So the advice was then turn off your app as you 're approaching . " Linda quickly discovered that some of her fellow drivers had been working together to make prices surge . Some drivers later approached her asking if she 'd like to join in , to which she declined due to the ethical inappropriateness . " It 's unfair to the riders where they 're put in the situation where they have to pay quadruple the amount to go home . I just do not go to surge areas now , and a lot of other drivers I know do the same , " she said . Realising this , Broughton developed Hi Oscar 's system without surge prices , as a way to benefit passengers . There are no extra charges for the different types of vehicles on the platform either , meaning riders do n't have to pay extra if they require a larger car for their travel . Broughton did say , however , that the startup would examine the possibility of adding weekend fees in the future , although it 's not currently on the cards . Also looking to empower riders with choice , the Hi Oscar app allows users to pick which driver they want by tapping on a car on the Google Maps interface . Cars are also coloured based on the driver 's gender , allowing riders to choose a driver they feel safest with . This feature , in combination with a number of others , has pushed Linda to begin the transition from driving for Uber to driving for Hi Oscar . " Occasionally as a female driver I ' ve had to pull over and ask someone to exit the car for inappropriate behaviour and sexual interactions , " she said . " [ Then ] , at the end of the day , those riders can still rate you , and can rate you low , especially if you kick them out of the car . Then once that rating 's in there , it 's in the cogs and wo n't go away . " Addressing this rating problem and its impact on drivers , Hi Oscar has developed a rating system using " thumbs up , thumbs down " , to combat a few outlier ratings damaging a driver 's profile . Yet , for Linda , one of the largest draws to Hi Oscar was the deduction of GST from each transaction , meaning drivers do n't have to pay their own tax on the side . During her time at Uber , Linda said she had initially been told she would make between $ 45 to $ 50 an hour , making the paying of GST less of a financial burden , although she found that was n't the case . " It was really $ 20 to $ 35 dollars an hour , without taking into consideration car lease , GST , and so on . They did n't really mention GST either , you have to find out about it in a roundabout way , " she said . Told by the company that their lawyers were working on tackling the legislation for rideshare drivers , Linda took the initiative in her own hands and received a ruling from the tax department for herself , saying that GST would be deducted out of Uber 's driver fees . Other drivers , however , are still subject to the current legislation . " Uber hasn't really tackled it since it has no real impact on them , " she said . Coming across this problem in his research and discovering a lot of drivers were " unhappy " , Broughton ensured that Hi Oscar includes GST . Of course , this means a slight increase in the cost of the ride to compensate for the amount deducted from the driver 's earnings . Although riders have to pay more , Broughton said he 's confident the platform will be able to draw customers away from other ridesharing competitors , especially if there 's a strong driver network backing Hi Oscar . " The appetite in Australia is that most riders feel like fares are too cheap , in fact really low . [ Plus ] in this economy , people are choosing homegrown . People are supporting the boutique outlets even if they cost a little more , " he said . Each driver that signs up must hold an omni - bus licence , as a way to ensure they 're covered in an accident . The startup has been focusing on growing its driver network , with Broughton saying the business is onboarding 10 to 15 new drivers each week , many of which are moving from existing rideshare platforms . As the next move for the business , Broughton said Hi Oscar will progress into the Northern Territory as it becomes more " legislated " by installing stricter safety rulings around rideshare drivers . Beyond that , the startup wants to grow as " quickly as possible " while retaining its fundamental qualities , a task which Broughton acknowledged as tough , to say the least . " Let 's be honest , it 's a David and Goliath story . We need all the feedback we can get , so it 's really encouraging when you get it and know you 're heading in the right direction . And I ' m confident we can get there . " * Linda is not the real name of the source contacted .
In the business world , information has replaced industrialization and brought inescapable competition to the market . Now , companies have no other choice but to thrive at what they do and be ready to walk the extra mile . The power has shifted from businesses to customers , and unless they 're happy , it 's next to impossible to boost the conversion rate . SP In case you ' ve just launched a new startup , you have to try every bit possible to convert as many leads into paid subscriptions as possible . This is the only way to survive in today 's cut - throat competition . Here are five such tips that will help you keep your customers happy , and boost conversion rate in a hassle - free manner . You can not simply expect your social media executive to address customer grievance issues and handle them properly . Even if you force them to do so , they wo n't be able to serve properly . Since you 're in the market to build a brand that can last an entire lifetime , do n't try to find shortcuts . Hire a separate customer service team which does n't let any customer query go unresolved . Make every possible effort to ensure that your customers do n't feel cheated at any point . A customer can know your brand 's worth and effectiveness only if they try your products and services himself . Unless that happens , you can not expect much . So , your objective should be to make customers try your products / services . Since the present era belongs to the information age , there is no chance you can run a business without having a website or mobile app . Make certain arrangements to ensure that whenever users browse your site , they become tempted to use your services right away . A beautiful landing page can help you do that . You can convert your website 's home page into a landing page , create a professional logo and use a fully optimized theme to increase conversion rate in a hassle - free manner . From Amazon to Facebook , all the major companies use landing pages to collect leads and convert them into customers . You can also do the same and get desired results . Have you ever thought that last time after you searched for a smartphone or furniture piece on Google , you started seeing the ads revolving around the same product on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram ? Do you think it 's a miracle or some data hack ? No , it 's not . It 's just an attempt of Google to ensure that you get your desired product in a hassle - free manner . SP Convenience is all that matters . The better you serve your customers , the more convenient it will be ; and the more convenient it is , the higher are the chances of them buying your products / services . If you want to improve the conversion rate , then reduce the customer efforts as much as possible . Along with the proper listing of products on your website , create a detailed FAQ page and answer every possible doubt that customers may have . Moreover , provide them more than one mediums ( call , email , live chat ) to connect with customer support team to ensure that they do n't panic if something does n't go according to their expectations . The growing reach of digital media has given users the power of expression . Believe it or not , but they like it this way . The more empowered they feel , the more time they spend on any particular site or mobile app . This is one of the reasons why sites like Facebook , Twitter , Quora , etc . get insane amount of traffic every day . Users want to be on these platforms because they know their voice will get heard . You can reverse engineer this process and use it to increase your conversion rate . Whenever users head to a good e - commerce site for any purchase , they first collect information about how effective the customer feedback support system of that site is . Their objective is to ensure that if something does n't go according to the expectations , they can simply reach out to someone and share their pain ( and get their queries resolved ) . You can give them what they want and boost your conversion rate . Improve your customer feedback system , patiently resolve their queries and get desired results . The only reason a user shares his personal email ID with you is that he trusts you and your products , and somewhat interested in getting relevant updates from your side on a regular interval . Do n't prove him wrong by sending spam emails every single day . Email opt - ins are used ineffectively by most online retailers . Be the change and use your email list to build a community of trusted customers . When you share updates that really matter to customers ( and not you ) , you are likely to get a better response from them . Keep this point in mind and forge ahead accordingly . Besides , you can also make use of social media promotion , lucrative offers from time to time , effective ad campaigns and many other strategies as per your location and niche . Read more business tips here on Tech . Co SP
The Australian not - for - profit ( NFP ) sector is increasingly adopting new technology to go about its work , its innovation chops rising nine percent over the last 12 months to 63.3 in the 2017 NFP Innovation Index . The Index , which measures an organisation 's capabilities across areas including technology , internal and external collaboration , their openness of culture and vision , and stakeholder centricity , was compiled by digital fundraising platform GiveEasy , with support from Australia Post , Westpac , and the Australian Graduate School of Management ( AGSM ) . Jonas Tobias , CEO of GiveEasy , said NFPs have shifted from simply trying to keep up with innovation to actually embracing and embedding innovative practices into their organisations . " NFPs are now morphing into digital businesses , as the analogue approach is slow and time consuming . The digital economy speeds up the process of bringing new products to market , providing access to a wider donor community and new opportunities for collaboration , " he said . In transitioning into ' digital businesses ' , the Index found NFPs are buying into online trends to expand their existing communities and reach new audiences , embracing the likes of online marketing and digital fundraising platforms , and exploring digital collaboration opportunities . The top fundraising strategies among the high innovators are donations via the organisation 's website , fundraising events , email campaigns , and peer to peer sites . Innovation in the area of stakeholder centricity also saw a particularly high jump , from a score of 50.7 in last year 's Index to 62.2 , as organisations come to understand they must do more to put their partners , donors , and customers at the heart of what they do . " As NFPs exist to serve their beneficiaries , improved stakeholder focus is great news . Highly innovative NFPs are collaborating more with their communities , employees , volunteers and beneficiaries . Increasingly the service experience is more approachable , more human , which matches the public perception of the sector , " Tobias said . However , an area requiring more work is that of rewarding and recognising employees , with just two percent of employees surveyed stated they feel comfortable enough to question the status quo , and 10 percent feeling that taking informed risks is encouraged . The most innovative NFPs , according to the Index , are the Cure Brain Cancer Foundation , Movember Foundation , and Cerebral Palsy Alliance , while the top innovators as voted by the community are Thankyou , Movember , and Beyondblue . Alongside these older NFPs , a growing number of social enterprise startups are emerging around Australia . To help the community further develop , the Victorian Government earlier this year released a Social Enterprise Strategy , announcing $ 5 million in funding to further increase the impact of and innovation in the state 's social enterprise sector , build business capacity and skills , and improve market access . With over 5,000 social enterprises already operating in Victoria and employing more than 75,000 people , Robin Scott , Victorian Minister for Finance , said , " We want to encourage more social enterprises into the market by giving the government greater access to their goods and services . " Addressing the aim of increasing impact and innovation , the government 's strategy initiatives include ' opening doors for social enterprises ' , that is , ensuring that it is adequately engaging with the sector , ensuring its various programs are open to social enterprises and that relevant information is available to them . The need to equip entrepreneurs in the NFP or social enterprise space with a digital tools was highlighted in a report produced by the Bankwest Foundation last month . Having followed 10 Western Australian social enterprises for 12 months , report author Dr Chris Mason of Swinburne University , found that while these entrepreneurs are keen and quick to learn , they struggle in the areas of securing external finance , retaining staff , and adapting to market changes . With these organisations small , many entrepreneurs found it difficult to dedicate time and resources to implementing systems that would able them to effectively report on their financial and social performance , which in turn meant investors or potential partners had little information to go off when considering whether to invest or collaborate . Mason said , " If we could overcome this hurdle it would help these businesses communicate better with potential investors , help them secure funding and help give them a competitive edge in applying for grants and tenders . " SP
Three start - ups - one that allows consumers to crowdfund gifts , one that facilitates smoother parcel delivery , and another that uses artificial intelligence to improve the consumer experience - have been selected to join a first - of - it - kind UK fashion technology ( fashtech ) accelerator . Run by online fashion e - tailer ASOS and Wayra UK , the programme 's search for the " world 's most innovative fashtech " start - ups launched in May this year ; offering businesses the chance to win direct investment , mentoring and office space at Wayra 's London headquarters . Aiming to uncover and support start - ups with smart technologies to improve the ASOS experience for its 12 million customers , the three fashtech businesses chosen for the programme are : The companies will also receive access to ASOS and Telefonica 's local and global networks and customer bases . SP Cliff Cohen , ASOS CIO , said : " Fashion evolves incredibly quickly , as does technology , and we need to be ahead of trends in both sectors in order to best serve our customers and partners . " These start - ups are each on the cutting - edge of fashion tech , and I hope that as a result of this accelerator programme they will not only disrupt existing processes , but also help ASOS in its mission to get the most exciting products to the consumer , in the most effective way . " SP
According to Loom founder Chase White , there 's a familiar cycle that tech entrepreneurs go through : When they 're first getting started , they sell equity to angel investors , then they use the money to hire developers to actually build the product . At a certain point , White ( formerly the co - founder and head of product at Localeur ) wondered , " Why not cut out the middleman ? " In other words , why not just offer that equity directly to developers ? White said this allows startups to build a basic product , check if it can get any traction and then try to raise funding . And that 's what he 's trying to enable at Loom . Entrepreneurs can post their ideas on site ( the sensitive stuff does n't get posted on the public profile ) , then they get bids from freelancers who want to participate in the project . They can review the bids , browse freelancer profiles ( those freelancers can verify their skills through developer tests on the site ) and send a few initial messages . Then , if an entrepreneur wants to hire a freelancer , they pay Loom $ 99 for the connection , which means they have access to unlimited messaging , unlimited file sharing and can exchange contact info . The developers do n't have to be paid in equity alone . In fact , White said that 80 percent of the bids on Loom are for a combination of cash and stock . He added that Loom leaves it up to the entrepreneurs and developers to decide what the compensation should look like -- though this could potentially lead to some acrimonious situations . " The goal right now is to facilitate the connections , " he said . " In the future , we 'll have a lot more conflict resolution and mitigation efforts , but that 's more of a long - term goal . " The development - for - stock model is n't an entirely new one . In fact , there 's a firm called CoVenture that specifically offers development and design work in exchange for equity . You might also remember the " crowdcoding " site Late Labs , whose founder Justin Johnson is now an advisor with Loom . Johnson said that one of the problems at Late Labs was its attempt to build a broader suite of collaboration tools : " We tried to do that and manage the process and it broke down a lot . Chase is laser - focused on the actual value creation in helping people meet each other . " SP Related Articles Gigster 's crafty plan to give freelance developers equity CoVenture Raises $ 3 M To Build Software For Startups Late Labs : A ' Crowdcoding ' Site Where Developers Trade Code For Equity White admitted that , initially , Loom was also trying to charge an ongoing fee for these projects . After it launched in August , users " were essentially stealing the product -- making successful connections and then jumping off the platform without paying fees . " To avoid this situation , Loom moved to its current model of just charging for the initial connection . " Entrepreneurs are savage individuals and they will do anything to protect their runway , which I do n't blame 'em for , " White added . And just to be clear , he 's not opposed to the idea of raising outside funding , either . Loom , after all , raised a $ 600,000 seed round to hire its first employees .
When trying to get a startup off the ground , a lot time and effort goes into developing the product and reaching the customer . So much so that founders often forget about the most important part of the company : the team . And without a solid team behind you , you 're going to have trouble making waves in your industry . It 's no secret that a strong and dedicated team is the key to growing a successful business , but building that team can be challenging . But if you follow some important lessons about hiring , you 'll be set up for success in no time . When you ' ve got a small team , the process of looking for an employee can take a lot of man - hours , which distracts you from working on the product itself . Eventually , you 'll start to view the hiring process as a distraction . Clearly , this is n't the right mindset while seeking out the best talent , so you 'll need to come up with an alternative method . Instead of waiting until you have a need , create a pipeline of great candidates that you can stay in touch with . Once you ' ve done this , you 'll always searching for candidates , even when you do n't have a direct need at that moment . This way , you can build relationships and improve the odds of making the best hire . By building a prospect list , you 'll essentially eliminated the usual matrix that exists where you have to be actively hiring for a position and the candidate has to be in job - search mode . The pipeline allows you to explore future candidates that we might not need right away and who sometimes might not be in the job market yet . Outsourcing might seem like a cheap and quick solution for bootstrapped startups , but it often comes at a price . Consultants and outsourced work often end up having a narrow scope . This may work for a few projects here and there , but when growing a company , it is n't sustainable . The man - hours alone spent finding the right person for a freelance job can quickly add up . Combine that with onboarding talent for the project and building rapport and trust , only to have do it all over again when the next project comes along takes up a ton of man hours . In the days of telecommuting and conference calls , it has become commonplace to outsource work , but it can also be hard to develop a team atmosphere from halfway around the world . In terms of hiring the right people , there is also something to be said about hiring for the right positions . I ' ve talked to other founders who struggle to put together an executive team before actually hiring for the departments . While this might work for some , it 's better to holding off on hiring at upper levels when you can grow the necessary talent from within . By hiring junior employees , you can groom them for future management roles . This is n't just about saving money on salaries . It 's also about not getting too big for your britches . The six months you might spend searching for the perfect executive team member can be spent developing the product alongside a junior person who may , one day , become that executive . And who 's more likely to stay invested in the growth of your company : a new executive or a team member who already believes in the company and wants to see it succeed ? This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Qonto , a Paris - based next generation bank for entrepreneurs , raised $ 1.7 million in seed funding . The round was led by Alven Capital with participation from Valar Ventures , the venture capital fund backed by Peter Thiel , and business angels . The FinTech startup intends to use the fresh capital to continue to develop its new banking solution . Founded by Alexandre Prot and Steven Anavi in 2016 , Qonto provides an online banking service that allows entrepreneurs , startups and SMEs to create an account in less than 5 minutes . With Qonto you can instantly receive an IBAN and get started to manage your company 's physical and digital business cards and perform your day to day operations . The young company will enter into beta phase in March and become available to a broader audience by the summer . This new banking service by Qonto has three goals that it plans to achieve for its clients : Save time , improve the financial visibility and save banking fees .
Recently , Mike Duboe , Head of Growth at Tilt and Jareau Wade , Commerce Platform Manager at Pinterest lead a Growth Study Hall at the Galvanize San Francisco campus . The Study Hall began with a summary of the early days of Tilt when Mike and Jareau were both on the growth team . They shared how Tilt was seeing rapid growth - about 20 percent per each month . But where was this growth coming from ? Mike and Jareau focused on what factors contributed to their most successful campaigns but quickly realized , that in fact , they were n't actually creating growth through their campaigns . Here are three lessons they learned along the way : There was no clear way to understand what was contributing to the success and growth of each campaign . They were measuring the campaigns that got the most press as the " successful ones " although those were n't the campaigns creating growth . The lesson they learned was to hire a rockstar analytics person who can help identify via tracking analytics why and how growth is happening in order to be able to create a repeatable pattern . Tilt created a system to process incoming feature requests to gain a clear sense of which customers actually matter . Jareau emphasized , " start by prioritizing which users you 're listening to louder than others , and get in the room with your target customer " . If you 're attempting to try to solve every customer request , you 'll end up building products for the " wrong customers " . By creating a system with specific dimensions you can focus on creating predictable outcomes . Once you ' ve created that system , you can expand your scope . If you do n't have an Ambassador Program , you might be missing out on engaging your power users . Before you adopt this program , first , ask yourself , does it make sense for your product to have an ambassador program ? Tilt gave themselves a 48-hour window to brainstorm on what they could do to add value for their ambassadors . Their goal was to acquire 15 ambassadors and reward them by allowing them to become part of the Tilt community ( social capital ) . They decided to create a simple landing page to appeal to their primary demographic , college students , and build a sense of social capital on campus . They were able to use the Ambassador Program to scope out what was actually happening on campuses that were contributing to their organic growth . Ultimately Tilt was able to engineer a way to get power users to share their product and create some of their best organic growth for free . Mike and Jareau did a great job of addressing both B2B and B2C growth sharing challenges and lessons learned along the way . Attendees saw immense value in the experiences of the early days of Tilt , what Mike and Jareau would have approached differently , and what they would have done exactly the same . This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
Helvetia Insurance is launching its own venture fund for investments in startups at the beginning of 2017 to help drive forward digitisation . The newly established Digital Ventures department will be responsible for the new fund . The Swiss insurance giant plans to systematically invests in startups which are contributing to the digital transformation of Helvetia 's existing core business , thus facilitating targeted business model innovations . Around CHF 55 million ( more than EUR51 million ) will be invested in approximately 25 young companies over the next few years . Helvetia will set up a fund management company in Luxembourg for this purpose . The new fund will focus on insuretech startups . These are young companies active in the traditional value chain of an insurer . On the other hand , it will invest in startups whose business models link to Helvetia 's business in any way possible . Helvetia aims for operational cooperation with all startups . The investments are therefore made primarily in countries in which Helvetia operates , i.e. Switzerland , Germany , France , Italy , Austria and Spain . Philipp Gmur , the Group CEO of Helvetia , stated : " The Helvetia Venture Fund will make a substantial contribution to the successful implementation of the helvetia 20.20 strategy . In order to make use of business model innovations , we want to invest in the appropriate start - ups and work together with them . " In the venture capital sector Helvetia is working together with St . Gallen - based b - to - v Partners AG . The Helvetia Venture Fund will thus benefit from the startup deal flow and the experience of b - to - v . However , the investment decisions will be taken by Helvetia . This allows for the necessary agility , lean processes and short decision - making routes for all investments .
The Dutch ticketing startup Tiqets has secured a $ 17 million from a consortium of investors headed by HPE Growth Capital . The investment will be used by the three - year old company to scale globally and to make culture and entertainment more accessible to the masses . Tiqets has grown exponentially since the company 's founding in 2014 . The startup has 75 employees and , in addition to its head office in Amsterdam , has teams in New York , Paris , Barcelona , Vienna , and Rome . This growth has led to the young company winning the Dutch Tech5 award two years in a row - the award for Europe 's fastest growing tech companies . Tiqets ' technology enables consumers to use their smartphones to buy admission tickets for museums and entertainment venues . Consumers can then use those tickets just a few seconds later on their mobiles , without having to queue at the entrance . Millions of people from more than 150 countries are already using the service . Tiqets CEO Luuc Elzinga stated : " Our unique technology is a direct response to consumer demand for last - minute tickets to museums or attractions both at home and abroad . Our customers love the convenience of instant delivery without needing to print anything . Our investors have noticed that too ; we are very pleased with the investment led by HPE Growth Capital , which will give Tiqets the resources it needs to continue to scale , so we can connect new cities , expand our partner network and strengthen our leading position in the market . " Tiqets is also becoming an increasingly relevant marketing channel for museums and attractions worldwide , because the website and app are now available in seven languages . In addition , the technology is used by hundreds of travel companies , as well as influential blogs and hotel chains . Tiqets brings together a large group of new and difficult - to - target visitors and also helps its partners by sharing marketing information and helps to spread visitors throughout the day .
In the startup world , having a well - established brand is the key to success . Between getting customers to recognize your value and spreading your message around the world , a solid personal brand can be the difference between fame and failure . And if you ask Rohit Bhargava , he 'll tell you that it changed his entire career path . As a trend curator , brand strategist , and Wall Street Journal best - selling author , Rohit has done more than his fair share of personal branding . After spending 15 years leading brand strategy at two of the most highly respected marketing agencies in the world , Ogilvy and Leo Burnett , Rohit left the corporate world to become an entrepreneur and is currently the founder of multiple companies including The Non - Obvious Company , SP Influential Marketing Group and Ideapress Publishing . SP Rohit 's work is about more than just marketing . He believes that inspiring humanity through business is one of the most effective ways of reaching people . Whether it 's trends or marketing , Rohit influences more than just the business world . " I write about trends , " said Rohit Bhargava in an interview with Tech . Co . " And I write about how people can be better and think bigger . " Tech . Co 's own Tishin Donkersley caught up with Rohit at SXSW to talk about personal branding , the importance of keeping up with trends , and his book , Non Obvious . Austin has a city motto of " Keep Austin Weird . " In that spirit , we asked Rohit about how he keeps it weird and authentic and in doing so stays true to himself . SP Learn more about building your personal brand at Tech . Co . This SXSW video series is brought you by .ME , which gives a truly personal tone to your domain name with its unforgettable meaning and word combination possibilities . Let .ME be the go to place for your online business or blog for people to learn about you . Learn more at www.stayweirdwith.me .
Ofo , the Chinese bike - sharing startup that recently claimed unicorn status , announced this weekend that it has added Ant Financial as an investor . In a statement posted to its Weibo account , Ofo said that it will work with Ant Financial , an Alibaba affiliate , on Internet and credit card payments and its international expansion plan . The amount of Ofo 's new funding from Ant Financial was not disclosed . Just two months ago , Ofo closed a $ 450 million Series D that it claims raised its valuation to more than a billion dollars . That round was led by DST Global , Matrix China , CITIC , and Didi Chuxing , the largest car - hailing app in China . Ant Financial -- the maker of Alipay , China 's largest online payment platform -- was already one of Ofo 's strategic partners . In March , Ofo started using Ant Financial 's credit - rating system , called Sesame Credit , to allow users with qualifying scores to rent bikes without having to make a deposit . Having Ant Financial as an ally strengthens Ofo 's position against its chief rival Mobike . Both companies are eager to expand beyond China and have been busy lining up strategic partners and investors . Mobike 's backers include Tencent , one of Alibaba 's biggest competitors , and tech manufacturing giant Foxconn . Tencent makes WeChat Pay , which lags behind Alipay in market share but enjoys the advantage of being integrated into WeChat , the messaging app that is almost ubiquitous among Chinese smartphone users . In its statement , Ofo says it wants to be the world 's largest bike rental platform and that it plans to work with Ant Financial to expand into new countries . TechCrunch has contacted both companies for more details .
MyTripCar , a car rental comparison and reservation site that aims to revolutionize the sector with a fresh approach and more transparency , has received EUR1.2 million in funding from a group of unnamed British and Spanish investors and from the Spanish Tourism Ministry through its public organisation Segittur , whose goal is to support innovation in Spanish companies focused on tourism and innovation . In 2015 , MyTripCar secured EUR250 K in seed funding from various business angels and the IVF ( Valencia Institute of Finance ) . MyTripCar also took part in Telefonica 's startup accelerator Wayra . MyTripCar was officially founded in 2015 in Alicante ( Spain ) and launched its platform in 2016 . In addition the the current funding round , the young company also just announced that it is seeing a 30% monthly growth rate of its platform , having already reached a total 10,000 car reservations in a very competitive market . MyTripCar is currently available in Spanish , German , English and French . The Spanish startup generates revenues by taking a commission on all reservations made through its site . The fresh capital will enable MyTripCar to start with the further internationalization and to grow the number of destinations covered in Europe as well as increase the reach for travellers - which come from the US and Asia and Europe , representing the largest tourism markets . SP MyTripCar currently covers over 3,000 European destinations . Unlike many other car rental platforms , MyTripCar shows you all the hidden costs when renting a car . With the UK 's CMA ( Competition and Markets Authority ) hot on the heels of car rental companies to being more transparent , MyTripCar , which aims to lead the field in customer protection and complete transparency , is well positioned to become a leading force in car rental comparison in the coming years . SP
Kairos Society has announced this year 's Kairos 50 , a collection of the 50 most innovative seed - stage companies in the world . The Kairos Society is dedicated to empowering young entrepreneurs to innovate in areas where others have remained unsuccessful and tackle global issues to make this a better world . In the past four years alone , the top 25 Kairos companies have raised a total of over $ 600 million in investment capital and are collectively valued at over $ 3 billion . Kairos Society also announced its monetary prizes to three different companies , which were funded by Obvious Ventures , Tim Draper Associates and Tony Chen . From a tech - driven baby food company to a 3D printing platform affordable enough to leave your wallet intact , the Kairos 50 represent a whole range of innovations in a ton of different fields . Check out the 50 companies changing the world and the innovations they are creating below : Easier access for students to ask questions in the classroom , form study groups , and navigate their way through the education system . Founders : Luke Sophinos Zero cost , better learning outcomes . By giving birth to Exponential Education , SchoolHouse seeks to solve a historical problem : Scarcity in education . Founders : Pol Ricart , Hector Ramon Jimenez , Lorenzo Arribas In today 's world , it is hard to find help in college courses . With Knack , a student can request help from a peer for any course without having to wait for a TA or emailing the professor . Founders : Samyr Qureshi , David Stoker , Shawn Doyle , Dennis Hansen 3D printing is a rapidly growing market that many common people are curious about and would like to get their hands on . In order to make this technology available at every home , Skriware aims to solve three fundamental problems this industry is facing : accessibility , affordability and practicality . Founders : Karol Gornowicz , Jakub Zaborowski , Damian Wierbilowicz , Stefan Stankiewicz StockViews is building the infrastructure for asset management industry , in order to solve to bubbles , crashes and deliver long term outperformance . Founder : Sandeep Bathina , Thomas Beevers Benben GH seeks to solve long turnover times in delivering financial assistance and borrowers ( property owners and business owners ) , who are left bearing the brunt of bottlenecks in the form of high - risk- high - interest loans and high - risk land transactions . Founder : Emmanuel Noah Wallarm finds new ways to protect Internet - facing applications and APIs from new bulnerabilities , attacks , and critical flaws within the system . Founders : Stepan Ilyn , Anastasia Novikova , Ivan Novikov Toucan provides the 200 M rising middle - class that have no financial credit inclusion and face a huge hassle simply trying to leapfrog into the online era of commerce access to credit cards . Founders : Elvin Zhang , Loh Zheng Rong , Xheng Rong , Beejay Urzo Identity has plenty of applications - payments , login , federal KYC , and anything that requires the proof that you are who you are . Founder : Filip Victor Wasteless created an infrastructure to monitor lives inventory , which prevents grocers from creating waste , and out of stock and over stock products . Founder : Ben Biron , Oded Omer Brainbuild empowers all 460,000 NCAA athletes with the knowledge necessary to build healthy eating habits , and fundamentally change the way institutions take care of their athletes . Founders : Joseph J. Lam , Brendan O ' Brien Read our interview with Ankur Jain and Alex Fiance of Kairos Society on Moonshots for Social Good Agrosmart aides in the decision - making of irrigation since 70 percent of world 's fresh water is used in irrigation and about half of it is wasted because farmers do n't really know when to do it or how much water to use . Founders : Mariana Vasconcelos , Raphael Garcez , Thales Nicoleti Agrilyst is a platform that helps indoor farm operator use data to make more profitable production decisions . We track and analyze all farm data in one place , enabling growers to optimize plant performance and reduce operating expenses . Founders : Allison Kopf , Jason Camp Data - driven , tech - enabled , and delicious , Little Spoon combines nutrition with convenience to provide the best option for both baby and moms . Founders : Lisa Barnett , Ben Lewis , Michelle Muller , Angela Vranich The single platform for all private social networking BlackSMS addresses the fundamental need for intimacy and privacy . Founder : Tyler Weitzman Great Salespeople Are Made , Not Born . Using data from your sales team 's calls , Clover helps you implement highest ROI techniques throughout your sales force . Founder : Daria Evdokimova Diamond is creating one personal interface to find all files across all platforms / devices - aiming to be the go - to portal between humans and machines Founder : Leander Lee , Pierre Arys Mya is a staffing automation startup creating tools to help recruiters and hiring managers efficiently manage high volume recruitment campaigns . As a virtual recruiter it prescreens candidates , educates applicants , answers questions , determines eligibility and schedules onsite interviews . Founder : Eyal Grayevsky , James Maddox SquadRun designs and runs customized workflows for large - scale business operations using a combination of machine learning and human intelligence to manage and optimize the end - to - end process flow to achieve speed , scale , accuracy and cost efficiency . Founders : Ribabh Ladha , Kanika Jain , Apurv Agrawal , Vikas Gulati Pavlov aggregates all the interactions a customer has with your business into one place and provides interfaces for customer success agents to consume that information . Founder : Alexander Kern , Nikhil Srinivasan GetLinks bridges the biggest tech talents community in Asia with opportunities in Innovative companies building the future of work in Asia and beyond . Founders : Pichaya Srifar , Polpat Songtamjitti , Djoann Fal , Keenan Kwok Wiser is a service - led company that offers employer branding and graduate recruitment . Founders : Ari Ratnakumar , Finian O ' Kane , Ben Buffone , Omar Habbal Ranomics is improving the understanding of human genetics . Founder : Cathy Tie Ourotech removes the trial and error process of cancer treatment by testing which drugs work best on patient tumor samples outside of their body and giving them the right treatment the first time . Founder : Duleeka Ranatunga , William Lin Desktop Genetics is a bioinformatics company specializing in CRISPR sgRNA design for cell line engineering and cell therapy . Founders : Edward Perello , Victor Dillard , Riley Doyle Eligo , an MIT - Rockefeller spinoff , has created the next - generation of programmable CRISPR bio therapeutics to selectively eradicate antibiotic resistant bacteria and engineer the microbiome . Founder : Dr. David Bikard , Dr. Xavier Duportet , Prof . Luciano Marraffini , Prof Timothy Lu Stasis rescues the 11 million under - monitored patients around the world with their cloud - connected vitals monitoring system . Founders : Dinesh Seemakurty , Michael Maylahn Neolight developed Skylife , an at - home neonatal phototherapy treatment that will provide the safest and most efficient treatment of infant jaundice . The company is developing a hypothermia treatment device to help at - risk infants with low birth weight . Founders : Sivakumar Palaniswany , Vivek Kopparthi , Chase Garrett Read more about startups heating up in Phoenix The most effective and responsive mental health professional in your pocket , 24/7 On - Demand mental health help . With Sibly , it reduces the cost for help and gives you someone to speak to about what is going on in your life at a very low cost . Founders : Mohammad Al Qadi , Omar Aleisa , Paula Wilbourne Founders : Peeyush Shrivastava , Vineet Erasaia , Emmanuel Setegn , Chandan Srivastava Neurescue e(t ) seeks to help save people with cardiac arrest and hemorrhage . Founders : Habib Frost It is estimated that only 50 - 60 percent of patients take injectavle therapies properly . Quio is designed to be taken long - term and control chronic disease for years . Founders : Alexander Dahmani , Jared Schwartzentruber Massively scalable genetic data analysis for Pharma and Biotech companies . Founders : Taner Dagdelen , John Dagdelen Dyndrite allows people to draw things that were previously impossible . Founder : Harshil Goel , Plus 4 Co - Founders Synapse Technology automates the detection of dangerous and illegal objects passing through x - ray checkpoints , applicable to government TSA and commercial security installations . Founders : Bruno Faviero , Simanta Gautam , Ian Cinnamon Apis Cor provides a kind mobile construction 3D printing technology , which allows mass use of additive technologies directly on construction sites and can compete with traditional methods of construction . The printer prints a whole building directly on site by printing walls and partitions . Founders : Boris Bliznioukov , Nikita Cheniuntai , Konstantin Nefedez By using Maidbot 's systems , hotel operators will see an increase in profitability , healthier and happier staff and higher guest satisfaction . Founder : Micah Green The Engineering Company 's next generation engineering technology , built from the ground up at Imperial College , automates the design development work bringing a step change in the cost of development . Founders : Parikshat Singh , Patrick Moniz Nelumbo was formed to solve this problem at the root cause . The founders invented and developed the world 's first Droplet Ejection coatings , or materials capable of making water droplets jump off a surface while still microscopic . This is the final frontier of water repellency , and Nelumbo is using it to enable a double - digit performance and cost advantage in a market desperate for differentiation . Founders : Liam Berryman , Lance Brockway , David Walther Speechify is deep learning powered text - to - speech education software . It aims to aid people with learning differences in reading , and to provide a faster way for every person to be more productive by creating instantaneous audiobooks of any text . Founder : Cliff Weitzman Wildfire sends you real - time safety alerts - like Waze for safety . Founders : Vinay Ramesh , Hriday Kemburu , Jay Patel Hype Labs seeks to achieve a vision where we can interact with the world around us and vice versa despite various technologies . It provides new types of connectivity to help offload current networks and bring new user experiences that were impossible before . Founder : Carlos Lei Santos , Andre Francisco A graph database is an optimized database technology to store , manage , and access interconnected data to answer complex questions . MemGraph is bridging this gap by bringing the performance of graph databases built by tech giants to every enterprise . Founder : Dominik Tomicevic , Marko Budiselic Fluid AI is solving the problem of humanizing digital interaction in the real world . Using Fluid AI 's artificial intelligence technology offers customers a much more engaging and effective experience whether they be in a store , bank or in a hotel lobby . Founder : Raghav Aggarwal , Abhinav Aggarwal Augmented reality is going to fundamentally change how we interact with technology . The problem today is that there is no accessible platform for developers and innovators to start actually exploring how AR will fit into our everyday lives . Mira Labs is working to lower all the significant barriers to entry for AR . Founders : Joseph May , Ben Taft , Matt Stern , Montana Reed Shipsy Shipsy provides real - time alerts to help operations teams move from a reactive to pro - active approach . The system tells them what is going wrong , based on the KPIs they have set , and they act on the most important matters in a prioritized manner . The solution makes lives of operations teams easier , and improves service levels without impacting costs . Founders : Soham Choksi , Dhruv Agrawal , Himanshu Gupta , Sahil Arora Talkin ' Things ' technology is a unique solution for protecting customers against refilling . Many industries face a problem of counterfeiters who refill genuine packaging with unauthorized products . Losses are forecast to be $ 2.3 trillion by 2018 . Founders : Dariusz Konik , Marcin Pilarz Millions of small shop keepers across the developing world are currently forced to source their own products independent of any distributor or manufacturer . This leads to increased costs and limited availability of products for billions of emerging consumers . Founders : Daniel Yu , Josh Middleman Starsky Robotics are robots that drive trucks . The founders figured out a clever way to make it possible with existing technology , have already moved freight for money and are hoping to take over the American trucking industry . Founders : Kartik Tiwari , Stefan Seltz - Axmacher STORD is positioning ourselves as a tech - driven warehousing company that is not bound by geographical reach . Utilizing partner facilities , STORD is able to add bottom - line revenue to small businesses across the country by giving them access to new customers and large , national contracts . Founders : Sean Henry , Jacob Boudreau Read more about startups changing the world here at Tech . Co
The Berlin - based high - tech startup R3 Communications just closed a seven - digit pre - series A financing round with Creathor Venture and the VC Fonds Technologie Berlin ( managed by IBB Beteiligungsgesellschaft ) . Founded in July 2015 , R3 Communications develops ultra - reliable real - time communication systems that are predominantly used in industry 4.0 and IoT applications . R3 's proprietary technology called EchoRing circumvents the problems of common wireless communication systems ( deficient transmission reliability , latency , and co - existence ) . It supersedes the expensive , inflexible and complex use of cables in a vast number of scenarios . First cooperation agreements with well - known industry corporations have already been reached . Dr. Mathias Bohge , the founder and managing director at R3 Communications explains : " With factories becoming smart and flexible , tethered communication will quickly reach the boundaries of functionality . At the same time , existing wireless communication solutions are not ready to take over , as their reliability and latency performance does not suffice industry requirements . Therefore , the need for reliable wireless communication systems that cope with today 's real - time challenges will constantly rise . " Today , Berlin electronics company Schleicher Electronic already bases its radio product development on EchoRing technology . Florian Bonanati , also managing director at R3 Communications adds : " Moreover , we have secured promising cooperation projects with worldwide market leaders in the industrial automation sector as well as in the automotive and aviation industry . With Creathor and IBB Beteiligungsgesellschaft on board we have now the possibility to speed things up while making our technology ready for the market . " Dr. Gert Kohler , Managing Partner at Creathor Venture , comments : " We are convinced of R3 Communications ' innovative solution and see great potential for diverse industrial application areas where transfer rate and absolute reliability is of paramount importance , especially in automation , but also in connected vehicles of all kind . We believe that Germany will lead the way when it comes to the development of intelligent industry applications . R3 Communications is well on the way to becoming a very important player in this segment . " The R3 - Reliable Realtime Radio Communications GmbH ( R3 Communications ) was founded in 2015 as a spin - off from two leading European engineering universities . The company 's focus is on research , development , production and sales / distribution of ultra - reliable realtime wireless communication systems and solutions . Current research and development activities include internet - of - things / industry4.0 Smart Factory applications , as well as automotive and aerospace scenarios . In order to learn more about R3 and its founders , check out the video below . It shows a pitch of the R3 founders regarding their EchoRing . The pitch was recorded by Startup TV , an awesome online TV channel about German startups . SP
Regardless of industry , connecting with customers is one of the greatest challenges that businesses face . This is particularly difficult within a competitive market , where it can be difficult for a consumer to separate each brand beyond their logo and tagline . SP To help make their mark on a customer , it 's become the norm for businesses to send direct emails out thanking patrons for their time , signup , or purchase . More often than not , however , these ' personal ' emails are nothing more than an automated block of text which end up at the bottom of a customer 's third email address amongst a pile of dozens of others just like it . SP Bonjoro is a mobile app looking to renew the way businesses tackle engagement by allowing them to send quick , personal video messages directly to their customers . The Sydney - based startup wants to be the driving force behind replacing text emails as the formal method businesses use to connect with customers , instead helping them create a more engaging experience . Considering personalised videos are undoubtedly a more engaging medium for a customer to view than text , Bonjoro allows businesses to record a personal video message addressing a client or customer before sending it to their email address . Speaking on the relevance of the video medium in forming a strong relationship between brand and customer , Bonjoro 's founder Matthew Barnett explained that consumers are past the lack of personalisation within automated text emails . " People are moving beyond automation while the online space is getting to the stage where anything you buy or do comes with competitors . So it 's all about personalisation and building a relationship with a team or brand , because that 's something that sticks , " said Barnett . " People love relationships , so taking the time to engage with them on video goes a long way . " Barnett 's ideas on personalising the business - to - consumer ( B2C ) relationship comes from experience , as the entrepreneur ran into obstacles when attempting to engage clients within his first startup , Verbate . The business , which provides an online platform where users can conduct video surveys , has attracted an international user base since its launch in 2012 . Barnett said that when users would sign up for the platform he would send them a " thank you and welcome " email , but found these messages were n't pulling in high response rates . Using a hack inbuilt into Slack , the Verbate team developed a private method of receiving a notification when a new customer signed up and responding to them with a short video . " It was something we only used internally , but it tripled our response rates overnight . It got to a stage where every week a customer expressed interest in using the service itself , so we went on to built a closed beta , " said Barnett Bonjoro launched its open beta app on the Android and iOS store during December last year , allowing users to connect any CRM software to the platform after they ' ve created an account under a business ' email address . Whenever a new customer signs up to the business , the user will receive a notification on the app which will display as much information on the customer as the app can find , typically consisting of their full name , place of work and age . SP To send a video message , a business simply selects a customer , records the video using their phone 's camera , selects a thumbnail and sends the video away as a link on an email . The customer who receives the email gets a preview of the thumbnail and is able to follow the link to an external page with the video on it . In order to reduce data usage , videos feature in only 480p , similar to other video connection apps such as Snapchat . Unlike Snapchat , however , there 's no limit on how long the videos can be . By logging into the Bonjoro website , businesses are also able to customise the external page where their videos preview , although this feature is bundled within the app 's premium package of US$ 15 ( AUD$20 ) per user each month . SP According to Barnett , Bonjoro has gained 40 paying users and , of course , is now looking to boost its user base . Skipping past the difficulties of bootstrapping , Barnett was able to fund the app 's development off the back of his previous company . He will look to raise funding this year to further develop the app , SP as a slew of new features wait in the pipeline , including the ability to send video messages to customers on Facebook , Twitter and SMS . SP " We ' ve also just added a feature to integrate Gmail , so you do n't have to use a CRM to send emails to customers , " Barnett said . With many catching on to the value of video as a marketing tool , there is competition on the space : Melbourne 's Data Creative , for example , allows businesses to send personalised video messages based on various templates , on a large scale for any occasion , whether it be a sign up or email alerting them to a discount or deal . SP The startup ran a campaign for Hawthorn Football Club with a simple video message saying , ' renew your membership for the new premiership season , starting 2016 . ' This message was sent out to all their previous members who had n't yet renewed , which was the core message , however from this 72 core variations spun from that core message to generate further tailored videos . Despite the competition , Barnett is hoping to raise over $ 1 million to fund Bonjoro 's expansion into the UK and US . SP " We want to smash expectations and grow the platform to change the way businesses interact with customers and look to replace how email 's used , " said Barnett .
Three startups have been awarded cash prizes totaling $ 35,000 at the Fincluders Startup Challenge Amman , organised by seed investment company Oasis 500 and Sanad , a Middle - East and North Africa fund . The competition saw 50 applicants from over 18 countries competing for the top positions and cash prizes . The Amman competition follows the first Fincluders challenge held in Berlin last year . The top position of the Fincluders challenge and a cash prize of $ 20,000 went to AgroCenta , a startup which provides an online trading hub for farmers and their customers using real - time payments leveraged by mobile - money technologies . In addition to the trading hub , the startup also provides an on - demand logistics service . " The Fincluders Startup Challenge has been an eye opener for us , helping startups accelerate by giving them the opportunity to network and meet potential investors and partners , " said Francis Obirikorang , co - founder and CEO of AgroCenta in a press release to Ventureburn . Second place with a cash prize of $ 10,000 went to Liwwa , a marketplace lender to SMEs in Jordan . Democrance , a Jordan - based micro - insurance provider for those living in low - income populations , took third place , with a cash prize of $ 5,000 . BenBen , a startup providing access to blockchain " land transactions " , while not making it into the top three , received an honourable mention at Fincluders . " We are both elated and humbled by the interest in the Fincluders Startup Challenge here in Amman . The finalists proved their skills and determination during the pitching round of the competition , and we are confident these fledgeling businesses can contribute to spreading access to finance in the region , which is also the main goal of our fund , " said Sanad board chair Daniela Beckmann . Finalists were provided with flights and accommodation for the duration of the competition . The first day featured mentoring sessions conducted by range of industry experts , while the second day required finalists to present their products and services to a jury of industry experts .
Whisky brand Chivas Regal has announced the 10 SA contestants taking part in its social entrepreneur pitching competition , The Venture . It will air on Mzansi Magic on 26 January at 6:30pm . The aim of the competition is to invest US$ 1-million in startups that create positive change . " Over the last two years , we have shown our belief in and commitment to this philosophy by awarding USD2 million to start - ups globally that ' do well by doing good ' , because we believe purpose and profit can coexist , " says Marketing Manager of Scotch Whiskies at Chivas Regal , Shelley Reeves , in a press release to Ventureburn . The winner will receive R350 000 and represent South Africa at The Venture Year 3 final , which will take place in the US . Read more : Chivas Regal 's The Venture competition looks for SA 's top social entrepreneur The South African finalists are : The contestants will pitch to a panel of judges consisting of Phuti Mahanyele , executive chairperson of Sigma Capital ; Stafford Masie , founder of Thumbzup Innovation ; Kojo Baffoe , an entrepreneur and content architect . It will be hosted by Top Billing presenter , Lorna Maseko .
Dedrone , a security startup which develops software to detect drones and protect high - value airspace from drone threats , just announced the closure of a $ 15 million Series B funding round led by Felicis Ventures and by John Chambers , Executive Chairman of Cisco , who has personally invested in the company . The fresh capital will be used to increase marketing and sales efforts , as well as investing in global research and development . All of Dedrone 's Series A investors are participating and providing funding for the Series B. In total , Dedrone has now raised about $ 28 million in venture capital . Founded in 2014 , Dedrone originally started in Kassel ( Germany ) , where it still operates an office , but moved its headquarters to San Francisco in 2016 . The young company offers security solutions addressing airspace vulnerabilities exploited by the advances in consumer and commercial drone technology . Dedrone 's software platform , detects aerial intrusions , provides early warning of malicious drone activities and is used to protect data centers , prisons , airports and other critical facilities from , corporate espionage , smuggling , terrorism and hacking . Dedrone 's new investor John Chambers stated : " Dedrone 's unique approach to use existing sensors and a powerful machine learning platform empowers enterprise and federal customers to re - gain control of their airspace . I believe Joerg and the Dedrone team are positioned to lead , and it 's an honor to be a part of their team . " Since its Series A funding round , Dedrone has achieved several notable milestones . For example , the young company added strategic , international resellers , including Airbus , Singtel and Deutsche Telekom and secured over 200 + installations in 2016 . Joerg Lamprecht , co - founder and CEO of Dedrone , stated : " The Dedrone team has experienced tremendous growth in the past year , and we 're thrilled to partner with such reputable organizations and partners , including John Chambers and Felicis Ventures . I ' m very proud of our team of world - class innovators and engineers , who are committed every day to build this business and advance the security market 's understanding of the risks associated with drone operations . Together with our partners , we 're making massive strides in providing businesses and individuals a complete detection and counterdrone solution for high - risk areas . " SP
We all know the San Francisco Bay Area is home to Silicon Valley , but a few cities and states around the country are trying to recreate the region 's success . In Nebraska , you have Silicon Prairie , then there 's Silicon Alley in New York City , Silicon Roundabout in London , and Silicon Beach in Venice , California . Many of these have popped up in just the past few years , and some states are beginning to realize the importance of supporting these new innovation hubs . Among these is one of the most isolated states , geographically speaking : Hawaii . Working with the local community , the government has been pursuing efforts to establish a tech hub that is being dubbed Startup Paradise . During my last visit to Hawaii , I spoke with Governor David Ige and others about the initiative , which is meant to further diversify the Aloha State 's industries and retain its talent . Above : Waikiki beach photographed from a Genesis Aviation Helicopter tour . Much of Hawaii 's economy is reliant on tourism and hospitality . " I ' m an electrical engineer by profession , a University of Hawai'i [ alumnus ] , and I graduated in that first boom of tech , " Governor Ige said . " When I graduated ... I had 41 job offers , 40 of them were on the mainland , and they were from everyone . My first time out of state was a job interview with Intel , IBM , and Hewlett Packard in Silicon Valley . So fast forward , once I became a legislator , I was on a mission to create more job opportunities for tech people and engineers ... out of five friends in my EE class , four of them went to the mainland and never came back . " Finding a thriving tech ecosystem in Hawaii is really difficult -- I tried . During my trip , I sought out people I knew to see if maybe there was a startup market that remained relatively off the radar . Though there are accelerators , such as Blue Startups and Elemental Excelerator , and innovation centers , it 's rare to see a local startup make it big in Hawaii . But efforts are now being made to change all of that . When I graduated from the University of Hawaii ( UH ) , working in tech did n't seem like a viable option -- the focus was on travel and hospitality at that time . And unlike Stanford , Caltech , MIT , and others , Hawaii 's universities are perhaps known for their strong international business and research programs . So how can the state offer its young tech workers and entrepreneurs a reason to remain in Hawaii and contribute to the local economy ? During his time in the legislature , Governor Ige wrote all of the state 's venture capital laws , including creating the Hawaii Strategic Development Corporation ( HSDC ) , which is tasked with making investments to boost economic development . " When I started , we had zero venture investments in the state of Hawaii .. people were n't interested in making this kind of investment , " he said . " We ' ve had great tech successes , when you look at UH and the kind of things that started and evolved here , what should have been and could have been , but there was really no environment . When you talk about the ethernet and the core , it really started at UH . AlohaNet and the Aloha Protocol was really the beginning of TCP / IP -- it 's the basic underpinning of the internet . None of it comes back to Hawaii , but it definitely was started here . " Above : Hawaii Governor David Ige He continued , " Clearly for me , now as governor , it really is about how we can complete the environment . How can we create opportunities for people so that the electrical engineering graduate from UH today has 40 local job offers and 1 from the mainland ? Because that 's really what we want . And if you look at our economy from the 30,000 feet level , the hospitality industry is number one . We started this transition in 1950 when we knew that sugars , plantation , and big agriculture growth was limited and we started to think about the next economic driver in our community . " Above : The Verifone credit card swipe reader was founded in Hawaii . While Hawaii is still largely focused on tourism , some believe diversification is the key to supporting the state 's economy , and the governor subscribes to that idea : " The challenge for us is that we ' ve pretty much hit that ceiling to expand , and creating more jobs in the visitor industry really places too much of a burden on the natural resources that impact the community . So what 's the next great job creator for our community ? It 's about innovation . " He alluded to how payment tech company Verifone got its start in Hawaii in the 1980s before eventually settling in San Jose , Calif. " If we had the right ecosystem and they stayed here , that definitely would be a great job creator , " he said . Make no mistake , there are startups in Hawaii , but there are nowhere near as many as you 'd find in cities known for being technology hubs . Startups based on the islands are not necessarily concentrated on consumer applications , but are more in tune with " non - sexy " technology fields , such as energy , biotech , and medicine , areas Hawaii is known for . Above : Hawaii - based Blue Startups brought its portfolio companies to San Francisco in 2016 to demo for investors . But , as the governor said , talent is escaping the islands and as people leave , so do the startups . To counter this trend , Hawaii is working to aggregate enough venture capital to incentivize entrepreneurs to stay . Last year , Governor Ige proposed that there should be consistent state investment in private equity and risk capital . He wants to have the HSDC work alongside accelerators and venture funds to invest in projects . " Yes , it 's a big challenge , " he acknowledged . " I do think it 's about creating an ecosystem ... I think it 's about creating an environment . I really do believe it 's a state of mind . People leave because they believe they have a better shot at being successful by going . I think it 's really about getting the startups here and it really takes just one that really commits to staying here . We have a couple of serial entrepreneurs that are committed to Hawaii . To me , that 's just as important as getting the equity . I mean , you want those business owners and entrepreneurs to be invested in Hawaii and really want to have their headquarters here . " Some of the people I spoke with described a less - than - ideal venture capital environment and said that local investors tended to be gun - shy about putting money in unless they can get a mainland firm like Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , Sequoia Capital , or Andreessen Horowitz to participate . Above : Blue Startups ' managing director Chenoa Farnsworth " It 's on us to show the world that we can create that quality , competitive company here . We have to create enough companies [ in Hawaii ] that a VC will see a pattern or trend , " said Chenoa Farnsworth , the managing director of Blue Startups , one of the more active startup accelerators in the state . Governor Ige remains optimistic : " I do think that it 's a matter of mindset and if we can nurture enough of these startups and get them to the brink -- and it 's really about getting one group of entrepreneurs who said that ' we 're going to plant our flag in Hawaii ' . And when they 're successful , other successes will follow . " Diversifying a state 's economy and moving forward with innovative technologies is definitely easier said than done , as the state has had at least one major stumble in recent history . In 2016 , a Maui - based technology fund for early - stage startups , called Mbloom , was shuttered amid allegations that one of the investors engaged in securities fraud and that the fund 's initial investments were rife with conflicts of interest . The other major investment party to this was the state , and HSDC moved swiftly to terminate the venture , especially since it was supported by taxpayer money . Hawaii did offer startups tax breaks for doing business in the state some years back , through a law called Act 221 . But it was not renewed due to concerns about whether it was really effective . Governor Ige voted in favor of Act 221 when he was a legislator and has previously stated that he believes it was a good law that needed a few tweaks : " Act 221 could be executed better . When we passed the law , we provided tremendous flexibility to the executive . We had a very broad definition , and we enabled the executive to implement . I believe that part of the challenges and the controversy truly was a result of poor decision - making on execution , " he explained . Above : Governor David Ige While in his first term as the state 's chief executive , the governor has also proposed establishing a $ 30 million innovation fund , setting aside money from corporate tax revenues over six years to support startups . First announced in his 2016 State of the State address , Governor Ige revealed that he had submitted legislation that would take $ 5 million each year for five consecutive years . The money would go into a strategic fund that would be co - invested with a private provider . " What we 're trying to do is commit a steady flow of income that would allow [ the fund investors ] to begin to program and set up relationships so they can create a sustained kind of investment pool , " he explained . " It would be $ 30 million over the next six years that they can count on . I ' m pretty confident that in six years , we 'll be able to prove success , that we 'll be able to convince the other legislators to ... make bigger investments . " Above : Hawaii 's Governor David Ige gives his State of the State address in 2016 . During this year 's State of the State address , Governor Ige touted the impact of innovation , announcing that 145 startups have gone through six accelerator programs , receiving $ 10 million in venture capital and generating more than $ 250 million in total capital . " That 's why the budget includes additional funds for the Hi Growth program , " he said in prepared remarks . While the state executive and community organizations are behind this diversification effort , how does the general public feel about their taxes being used to boost tech companies ? Governor Ige is bullish , telling VentureBeat , " I think that many of us who are residents see the same challenges . Our economy is doing great . Our unemployment is among the lowest in the country . The hospitality industry generates a lot of jobs , but they are living wage jobs . If you look at the median home price at $ 700,000 , a lot of those jobs generated by the visitor industry would [ make it ] tough to be able to live here . " As for the business community , he said : " I think they get it . I have three children and they 're all in school . What decisions do we make today to give them the best opportunity to call Hawaii home , to be able to have them graduate and find a challenging and enticing job opportunity in Hawaii that pays them a living wage and allows them to purchase a home so they can choose to call Hawaii home ? I think for me , and many of those in our community , it really is about how we can create these opportunities . " Above : Hawaii Governor Ige at the 2017 STEM conference . What Governor Ige , Farnsworth , and others in Hawaii are attempting is n't new -- others in the state have tried to establish a startup community of sorts . In 2012 , the governor 's predecessor , Neil Abercrombie , signed into law HB2319 , which would appropriate $ 2 million for a venture accelerator funding program . It was under Abercrombie that the aforementioned Hi Growth program , a state - sanctioned program to engage with the private sector , was created . In 2013 , then - Governor Abercrombie proposed providing $ 20 million in funding to focus on " the critical building blocks of research commercialization , entrepreneur mentoring , and the mobilization of startup investment capital . " But while efforts have been made before now , the question is what it will take to make a real dent on the startup ecosystem . " I ' ve lived [ innovation ] and kind of understand how it works . I see the ups and downs in it , " Governor Ige said . " I understand how when it 's other people making investment , it 's about the money . So how do we create private equity and risk capital in Hawaii that believes in Hawaii ? " " It 's so funny how at one point in time , green companies were an outlier . People thought : ' Who cares if your policies are green or if your company takes care of itself ? ' Today , you ca n't be a successful company if you 're not green , " he continued . " What we 're looking to create are companies that are truly doing the right things in the right way in every step of the way . These are the kind of companies that we want to build . " To attract talent , startups , and investors , Governor Ige is backing the Startup Paradise initiative that was put forth by the local community and HSDC . As the name suggests , Hawaii believes that its real appeal lies in its being ... well , Hawaii . The program also focuses on technological innovation , job growth , and economic strategies aimed at helping the state rival the tech hubs in other markets . Above : Manoa Innovation Center in Honolulu . Hawaii is home to some of the companies participating in Startup Paradise . As of 2016 , it was reported that 60 percent of the 145 startups participating in the program were based in Hawaii , and 78 percent of those are still operational . Nearly 40 percent of those participating in Startup Paradise are involved in software services , while 32 percent are in energy technology . The remaining startups deal with media ( 11 percent ) , hardware ( 6 percent ) , agriculture ( 6 percent ) , and life science or health care ( 5 percent ) . " Most people think that they can start [ in Hawaii ] , but if I really want to make it , I got to go [ to Silicon Valley ] . It 's really about creating the support structure so that [ entrepreneurs ] have the capacity to choose to stay here , " Governor Ige explained . " Once we can get the one or two breakthroughs , then I think it 'll be like a dam bursting . People , given the choice , will want to live in Hawaii . If their business can be successful , they 'll choose here . " He does n't think Silicon Valley should have a monopoly on startups . " Nothing can be harder than Silicon Valley . Hawaii is a piece of cake compared to Silicon Valley , but Silicon Valley thrives . Why is that ? It 's about the people . It 's about the human resource in the innovation economy that 's the most important resource . " " I believe our environment gives us a competitive advantage because that human resource wants to be in Hawaii , " Governor Ige said , echoing statements that have been previously reported . " It 's about really changing the paradigm for our young entrepreneurs to show that , yes indeed , it can happen in Hawaii . And we 're going to create that ecosystem that supports them and that we 're going to be working really hard to make sure that they have a pathway if they want to start a company in Hawaii , that we 're going to provide them support they need to get the second , third , or fourth round [ of funding ] and that big expansion , " he said . Above : Hawaii Governor David Ige meets with students at the University of Hawaii College of Engineering banquet . Major stakeholders concede that this is a long - term endeavor and that the current ecosystem is young , but they also see that it is growing and has potential . " Communities and cultures are not built overnight , and startup communities are no exception , " explained Dawn Lippert , a director at Elemental Excelerator , in a 2014 interview . Rather than going head - to - head with every other technology hub around the world , Hawaii is opting to focus on a select group of clusters , areas where the state holds a competitive advantage . The state has pledged to support 100 percent renewable energy , ethnic and cultural diversity , biomedical and pharmaceutical research , Hawaii 's cancer center , and hospitality and tourism . Is Governor Ige worried about any negative impact of innovation , such as gentrification and people being priced out of their home , things that have plagued cities such as San Francisco ? He acknowledges the risk , but said : " It 's about changing the trajectory of Hawaii : What is it that we want ? We want to support the innovators and creators that are committed to what 's special about Hawaii . It 's really about the integration of the host culture ... celebrating diversity . I believe that Hawaii is the best place to raise kids and a family , bar none . So how do we keep it going ? " Above : Hawaii Governor David Ige signs order instructing departments to submit documents using an electronic routing form template . As part of that vision , the governor is in favor of disruptive technologies , even those that have run afoul of regulators , such as Uber and Airbnb : " Uber is successful and the traditional business guys want to shut them down because their platform , their technology , and business model is so different from the existing . But the flip side is that their business models respond exactly to the concerns that the traditional business lived with and built ... " " So yes , it is disruptive , " he said , " and yes , we do n't want to clamp down and regulate them in the traditional sense . So how do we create an environment that is flexible ? From a government side , that 's a challenge for us . I ' ve challenged my cabinet to reinvent government to be flexible and innovate itself . How do we make sure that we do n't apply the same old regulatory tendencies onto these new areas ? I ' m not exactly certain , but I ' ve encouraged the cabinet to think outside the box and encourage employees to not be close - minded and to think differently . I ' m committed . " As governor , Ige has also vetoed a bill that required online lodging services such as Airbnb to collect state and local taxes . " It 's really about creating a vibrant innovation economy so that we can have the investment capital and we can find and grow the innovators here in our community that understand what it means to be in Hawaii , why it 's special , and why we have to take care of the environment , be respectful , and to celebrate the host culture , and celebrate our differences ... Once we ' ve gotten that first success , the rest of that will happen , " he said .
Other than funding and getting in fights with cofounders , social media has become one of the staples of the business world . As one of the most affordable means of getting your brand out there , social media platforms like Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and dozens others have transformed the way startups and corporations interact with their customers . And because of the always shifting nature of the marketing medium , staying abreast of upcoming trends is more important than ever . Fortunately , SproutSocial understands how important your social media campaigns are in the new year , and they have consolidated upcoming trends into a six simple tips that will help you stay the course in 2017 . Check them out below and keep your ear to the ground for more changes in the future : It 's no secret that Facebook and Instagram have copied nearly every good idea that Snapchat has come up with . From memories to disappearing messages , the social media powerhouse is always playing catchup to the tiny yellow logo . Fortunately for avid users , facial filters , also known as artificial intelligence lenses , will soon become part of the Facebook and Instagram marketing schemes as well . Customer service is a make or break part of any company . But with automation becoming a viable option for this important facet of business , more and more companies are turning to chatbots to do the heavy lifting for them . And with advanced technologies surfacing that can handle the load of even the average Facebook user , you can expect chatbots to become a staple of customer service in 2017 . With the installment of Instagram 's new algorithm , it 's becoming harder and harder to crack the organic content code . Because social media companies , like all companies , enjoy making money , the paid content trend is only going to increase over the coming years . Social media ad spending is estimated to surpass $ 41 billion in 2017 , a statistic that pretty much speaks for itself . Social media is long passed the days of focusing on the individual . Platforms across the medium are shifting their attention to business promotion as opposed to the everyday people that use them . A Simplify360 report found 36 percent of businesses use social media analytics for more than competitor analysis . This means that business features and analytic tools are going to improve over the next year , paving the way for even more targeted marketing . Despite the projected popularity of customer service chatbots , automation will likely become less of a factor in 2017 . With more and more blunders surfacing from notable companies , the public relations nightmares that surface are beginning to overshadow the advantages of social media automation . Plus , authenticity sells on social media , which is hard to pull off when a robot is doing most of the work for you . Online purchasing is n't going anywhere soon . And while you probably turn to ecommerce sites like Amazon for most of your digital shopping , social media websites have begun incorporating marketplaces on their websites . In addition , these social media platforms have made it easier and easier for users to buy from companies through their site . This trend is likely to skyrocket as soon as a viable means of purchasing becomes apparent . If you want a more in depth look at some of these trends , take a look at the infographic below produced by SocialSprout and get your company ready for the social media transition of 2017 : SP Photo : Flickr / magicatwork
Uber has been weathering quite a storm lately , but the ride hailing company wants to remind you : It also builds technology , and not just serious sexism scandals . On Wednesday , Travis Kalanick 's beleaguered startup officially launched a new navigation system for its drivers . Features include lane guidance , next turn previews and real - time traffic information . It 's also introduced a night - time look to make the app easier on the eyes in the dark . SEE ALSO : Hey law students : Want a job ? Well , you better learn to code . Rolling out on both iOS and Android , the tool will give Android users access to in - app navigation for the first time . Previously , the latter would have to switch out of Uber 's app into Google Maps or Waze to plan their route . On iOS , the update has begun in some cities , but its launch on Android is still in its early stages . According to Maya Choksi , a senior product manager at Uber , the aim is to provide drivers with an optimal navigation experience . One of the main complaints from drivers on Uber 's iOS app was small font size , she said , but in the past , Uber had little say in how street labels appeared . That was because the company used a number of different mapping APIs " to kind of cobble together " in - app navigation . SP " There were a number of things that were really suboptimal about this , " she explained . " We had no control over the size of [ street ] labels or which labels show or do n't show . We could n't control necessarily the name of the street where the driver is supposed to make a right turn . " SP Image : SP Uber Now the team controls more of the mapping stack , and they 're able to customise it specifically for the needs of Uber , UberX , UberPool and UberEats drivers -- a far more complicated set of directions than your average commuter trip . If drivers want , they 're still free to use the mapping app of their choice . Manik Gupta , head of products in Uber 's Maps team and a Google Maps veteran , said the new stack used mapping providers including TomTom to " mix and match " with Uber 's own proprietary data . The new driver navigation will not involve increased tracking of driver data , he added , although route data information always been collected . SP " From a Maps perspective , you really want to model the real world as closely as possible . So the more data and the more detail you get about that , the better off you are , " Gupta said . SP Image : SP Uber Both Uber staffers stressed the rollout is n't perfect . " We 're are still learning , we are getting tons of driver feedback , " Gupta said . For now , for example , the navigation will not immediately re - route when there 's traffic ahead in the way Waze does . The bigger question may be where the navigation tool fits with Uber 's self - driving car ambitions . While Gupta would not comment directly , granular features such as lane guidance seem to hint in that direction . Monetising the project by licensing it to third parties was also " not on our radar . " Of course , Google is currently suing Uber , accusing the company of stealing self - driving car secrets , but Wednesday 's roll out is not about abandoning its historic reliance on Google Maps . According to Uber , anyway . In fact , Choksi said Uber had never used a Google base layer map in the iOS driver app -- a point confirmed later by an Uber spokesperson -- and Gupta added the company continued to use Google for rider - side search . " If [ a rider ] searches for something , it 's powered by Google , " he said . " There 's no real solution that really works for us , that 's the whole point . " Under the guidance of former Google Map executive Brian McClendon , Uber launched a global mapping effort in mid-2016 to build maps " tailored to the Uber experience . " The project has involved putting cars on the road akin to Google Street View in countries from Australia to Singapore . SP
London startup Essensys builds software which helps shared office landlords automate their IT and manage all their tenants in one place . The platform looks to take the IT department out of modern offices by allowing employees to self - serve things like desk booking , meeting rooms and lockers . Founder and CEO Mark Furness is an outlier when it comes to the London startup scene . The outspoken Liverpudlian does n't fit the typical tech CEO template but if he has to fall on either the business or the technical side he is definitely more salesman than engineer . SP Furness admitted to the BBC earlier this year that he knows " not one jot " about how to write a software programme . He made his entry into the IT industry in the early 2000s . What he saw was a problem to be solved : " I used to look at everything to do with technology within the enterprise and it was really complicated . " " You 'd ring up the IT team and say the time was wrong on your phone and you would get a big intake of breath and told to put a ticket in . So there had to be a better way . " SP Essensys now essentially handles the IT for 6,000 businesses in the UK , and 250 in the US , where it has been operating out of New York for almost six months . Its annual turnover is more than PS12 million and it employs more than 90 people . The startup fell into its target market of coworking spaces , as Furness explains : " The first pitch I did was to a brand new shared workspace company who said these are my challenges , namely : responding to clients requirements when managing fifty companies with different IT needs , efficiently and cost effectively . SP " They lined up with what we were doing and we did n't look back , that first customer meant that we would become the IT provider to that flexible workspace industry . That immediately became the play for us . " The Essenys platform started out as a way for businesses to automate their IT but has evolved to become a de - facto customer relationship management ( CRM ) tool for shared workspace landlords following the acquisition of UK startup and workspace management specialists Hubcreate . SP The platform that came out of the acquisition is called Occupie " which is a single platform for the industry to manage all kinds of workspace . The whole customer journey , " Furness says . The four parts are prospect ( which is essentially a CRM tool for landlords to manage tenant acquisition ) , operate ( enterprise resource planning ) , connect ( flexible IT infrastructure like wifi , network and phone line provisioning ) and community ( a self - serve platform for tenants to book meeting rooms , reserve desks and ancillary services like postage ) . Landlords can manage their tenants in one place , from customer acquisition to automated billing , and employees can work in an environment where their technology needs are met and resources like desk and meeting rooms can be booked straight from their phone , without an IT ticket in sight . Occupie is run in the cloud , in a private instance across four data centres , two in the UK and two in the United States . It is priced on a typical software - as - a - service ( SaaS ) model of pay what you use . The shared workspace market is booming , with flexible working on the rise and tech companies looking to embrace the WeWork model of design and technology led work space to attract young talent . The US company WeWork , which rents and subleases office space with a specific look and feel , has ridden this wave all the way to a $ 16 billion valuation and 500,000 members . SP Essensys targets smaller players trying to emulate WeWork 's model . Furness said : " Regis and WeWork are 17 percent of the global market opportunity . My job is to empower that 83 percent to beat them at their own game . " What this means is it 's now better placed than any software company to benefit from the boom in coworking space , working with smaller tech incubators like Level 39 in Canary Wharf and The Dock in Wapping . Property agents and brokers , science parks and serviced offices make up the rest of the Essensys customer base . Furness sees his advantage over the big players as a case of focus . " I ' ve got 70 product people and I think WeWork 's developer team is 20 people . It 's really difficult for a WeWork to keep up with someone like us that only thinks about this singular focus . " Although Furness would never use the Silicon Valley term , he certainly sees Essensys as well placed to hit unicorn status . " I have no doubts , this is a billion dollar company and I hope I am here when it is and I want to do it based on real metrics like revenue and earnings , " he said . SP Furness also refused to rule out the possibility of taking its first round of venture capital or even going public . " If you asked me a few years ago I would say I am the last person to take my company public , " he said . " Now I think that is a definite option . I think we are the right size and the growth curve is right , the tech is proprietary so we have the IP . We have all the attributes for growth capital or a listing . " Furness clearly feels that he has put the company in a position to succeed , saying his job now is to " set the tempo of the business and make sure we do n't fuck it up " .
Farming has been the age - old way of making a living and keeping people working . It 's also very sustainable if you did n't notice . But what many do n't realize is that agriculture technology has been blossoming in recent years . Big " Farma " companies , along with venture capital firms and philanthropic organizations have been pouring money into startups that are producing new technology to make farming even more sustainable , profitable , and quality - oriented . We might be prone to think that agtech is just about modifying the genetics of the plants we 're growing , but that is not the whole truth . There are startups that are developing drone technology specifically for farming and researchers creating living microbes that kill the pests that ruin the crops we eat . Agtech is really beginning to revolutionize farming , and it 's benefitting both the farmer and the consumer in a big way . Since agtech is growing in potential , accelerators and incubators are sprouting up to make innovation easier . They are giving fertile ground to entrepreneurs by providing technical assistance , mentoring , networking , and resource access . In doing this , agtech accelerators are allowing new technology and innovation to enter into the market at breakneck speed . Check out a few burgeoning agtech accelerators below : AgLaunch is a 15 week accelerator that will start on May 1 . AgLaunch will take six different startups and provide them with up to $ 50,000 in investment as well as provide them with mentorship , training and other resources . AgTech Accelerator strives to be unique by taking a hands - on approach to helping startups . Companies that participate in this accelerator will be exposed to a number of resources including incubation and additional research . Though it 's not an accelerator , Agthentic helps agtech startups by refining their product - market fit and prepare them for potential investors . Agthentic helps startups jump the initial hurdles that end up compromising the success of any startup . FARM2050 focuses on improving global food production . They bring together farmers , researchers , entrepreneurs , manufacturers , and distributors in order to bring new technology to fruition and break them into the market . Royse AgTech connects startups with a network of investors , partners , and markets . They also host conferences that help train and connect agtech startups with other companies , farmers , and investors . Every year , Sprout picks eight startups to help out . They provide $ 25,000 in exchange for equity , training and mentorship , and access to investor groups across the globe . Thrive is an eight week accelerator that connects tech companies with the agriculture community , investors , and innovative entrepreneurs . Thrive forges these communities together in order to advance the cause of bringing more and better food to the world . Yield Lab started out of a desire to strengthen global food security . They believe that agricultural production must increase by 60% by 2050 to meet food demand . They provide $ 100,000 in funding to burgeoning startups as well as a nine month program geared toward mentorship and market preparation . Read more about farming innovation here at Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / cjuneau
Recently , VentureBeat published a report about " New York City 's overhyped startup scene , " an article that used Yext 's then - impending IPO to make a case that a lack of flashy IPOs and exits somehow indicated New York 's tech and startup environment has not thrived . That could n't be further from the truth . While New York may lack a blockbuster IPO , it 's ridiculous to base an entire city 's startup culture and success on IPOs . Other factors to take into account include the success of startups that stayed private while growing significantly , venture capital activity , companies that are ripe for IPOs , job growth , and companies interested in more than just turning a profit . In fact , New York is ranked number two overall in the world for startups after Silicon Valley when it comes to measuring performance , funding , market reach , talent , and startup experience , according to the Global Startup Ecosystem Report 2017 by Startup Genome . Specifically , the report estimates New York now has more than 6,300 startups and an ecosystem value of $ 74 billion . It also says New York has the fastest average time to hire an engineer of all U.S. cities , at just 24 days , which is astounding . Let 's put aside the fact that Yext 's IPO was indeed a smashing success and take a closer look at the tech community in NYC . New York is home to some amazing startup and tech companies , many of which are incredibly well respected in the tech world . Tech companies that call New York home include AppNexus , AOL , Casper , DigitalOcean , Etsy , Foursquare , General Assembly , Kickstarter , Meetup , MongoDB , Shutterstock , Sidewalk Labs , Squarespace , Sprinklr , Warby Parker , WeWork , and ZocDoc . On top of that , Silicon Valley - based tech companies that have a significant presence here include Facebook , Google , Snap , and Twitter . New York is well positioned to grow and succeed because of the diversity of the market , with startups in fintech , advertising , healthcare , education , real estate , SaaS , marketplaces , on - demand services , food , IoT , AR / VR , and Bitcoin / Blockchain . This means New York can create the next iteration of just about every vertical . Even more importantly , New York sets itself apart from every other tech I can think of with the diversity of the people who live and work here . Another trait that sets New York apart from other cities is that the companies here are engaged in social and civic issues more so than in many other communities . As Anil Dash wrote in July 2016 , " New York City is unique in that its tech community is grounded in principles of social and civic responsibility . It 's an important distinction , one that we ' ve got to work hard to protect and nurture . " This high level of civic engagement has been apparent in 2017 . Earlier this year , New York 's tech companies rallied against the Trump administration 's immigration travel ban , with more than 2,000 tech workers signing a letter opposing it . In that letter , we proudly wrote that the thriving immigrant community is a " crucial ingredient that sets New York City apart and a fundamental reason why we have all chosen to build our careers and companies here . " New York is a great place to do business , and the tech industry is thriving here . Let 's not forget that simply because there haven't been many headline - grabbing exits lately . Julie Samuels is the executive director of Tech : NYC , a nonprofit member organization that represents New York City 's technology companies . Tech : NYC supports its nearly 500 members by ensuring that New York is the best place to build and grow tech companies .
Faraday Future 's snazzy electric FF91 self - driving car prototype is very real : we saw it with our own eyes at CES earlier this month . The startup 's legal and financial troubles are very real too , though , and the latest lawsuit suggests that Faraday is working as hard on building a hype machine as it is on building a viable car . The lawsuit , which Jalopnik discovered this week , is from visual effects company Mill Group . It alleges that Faraday Future failed to pay for a $ 1.8 million virtual reality presentation , complete with holograms designed to help launch a new electric vehicle . The lawsuit mentions that the presentation was supposed to take place in January 2017 , and a Faraday spokesperson confirmed that the Mill Group was hired specifically for the CES unveiling . Preparations began last September , when Faraday reached out to the Mill with a proposal for " a graphic presentation , with virtual reality , augmented reality and holographic components , " according to the lawsuit . But there was no virtual reality or holographic component to the January presentation at CES , and it 's unclear if any other elements from the Mill 's work were part of the event . SP Faraday agreed to pay for the multi - million dollar presentation in three installments , but has only ponied up $ 20,000 so far , the lawsuit alleges . Faraday said that it will contest the suit . " The Mill alleges that it is entitled to full payment for work that it performed , " a Faraday spokesperson said in a statement to PCMag . " Faraday Future denies this contention , and looks forward to the the opportunity to present the facts supporting its position through the legal process . " The Mill Group 's attorneys did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Faraday , on a quest to build a viable Tesla alternative , has been accused of ignoring bills before , including ones it owes to contractors building its factory in Nevada . That dispute drew the attention of state regulators , with one official even going so far as to call Faraday a Ponzi scheme . " You have a new company that has never built a car , building a new plant in the middle of the desert , financed by a mysterious Chinese billionaire , " Nevada State Treasurer Dan Schwartz told Fortune in November , referring to LeEco 's backing of Faraday . " At some point , as with Bernie Madoff , the game ends . " Can Faraday keep the game going long enough to deliver its first production cars to the numerous people it claims have placed online pre - orders ? As we know , the FF91 is a truly remarkable car . With a blistering zero to 60 time of 2.39 seconds , according to in - house tests , it 's got plenty of conventional power . It has next - generation artificial intelligence , too : the automatic parking feature lets you leave the car at the entrance to a parking lot and it will very slowly roam the aisles looking for an available stall all by itself . There are many more achievements , and assuming all of them translate from prototype to production , the FF91 will be a supercar 's supercar whose technology could also trickle down to more affordable models . ( Faraday hasn't announced the FF91 's MSRP yet , but you can bet it wo n't be affordable for most people ) . The ultimate challenge for Faraday 's engineering team , then , seems to be to keep slogging away at the FF91 while ignoring the company bigwigs who apparently have an unsustainable appetite for hype . That 's easier said than done , of course , especially if you 're worried that your employer 's next default will be on your paycheck . Tom is PCMag 's San Francisco - based news reporter . SP
Raisin is currently one of the fastest - growing FinTech startups in Europe . Under the brands WeltSparen and Raisin , the young company offers an online marketplace for deposit products of partner banks in the European Economic Area since 2013 . The Raisin platform is available across Europe in English and localized platforms exist for Germany , France , Spain , and Austria . One week ago the Berlin - based company announced a EUR30 million Series C funding round which brought the total amount raised to date to EUR60 million . We recently had the chance to do an interview with Tamaz Georgadze , the co - founder & CEO of Raisin . Here it is : To kick this off , could you please give us a brief introduction about yourself and tell us where are you coming from ? My name is Tamaz Georgadze . I come from Georgia which when I was born was still part of the USSR . I now live and work in Germany , where I arrived when I was 16 to learn German and write my dissertation in economics . Upon completing my PhD , I worked at McKinsey & Co. for 9 years - the last few years as principal . I mainly served clients in the financial services industry across Europe and beyond . Where did you meet the other founders and where did the idea for Raisin come from ? I founded Raisin in 2012 , together with two former colleagues from McKinsey , where I worked as a consultant around one decade . The background of this company goes back to 2008 , when I saw a real surge in interest of banks in gathering retail deposits . Wholesale funding had dried up pretty quickly as a result of the financial crisis . Furthermore , as a Georgian national , I had colleagues in Germany privately asking me if I could help them open high - yielding Euro and U.S. dollar savings accounts in Georgia . I did this , helping with KYC , carrying documents from Germany to Georgia and understood on a personal level how hard opening bank deposits across borders can be . These factors inspired me to create a platform that would blend cross - border horizons with the simplicity of an online platform . It was an innovative proposition : A marketplace that consolidates savings deposit accounts across banking providers and integrates them into one interface . A one - stop - shop solution for regular savers . How long it took for the implementation of your idea ? Raisin GmbH was founded towards the end of 2012 . However , it took us a year to get the platform to go live . The legal implications of our platform were far - reaching and our business model was groundbreaking . This required quite some alignment with regulators and financial law experts to comply with financial , privacy and data security regulations . In addition , this compliance required substantial amounts of technical work . The idea of having a European deposit marketplace is something extremely interesting . Could you explain us how it works in practice ? Europe has a common market and a common currency , but it still lacks a common financial market . Savers in certain countries obtain lower interest rates than in other countries . We allow savers anywhere in Europe to obtain higher interest on their deposits regardless of where they reside by providing them access to savings products from banks across the EU . We provide a very straightforward and fully - online account opening process as well as a one - stop solution to managing multiple savings accounts . Our service is transparent and there are no hidden fees for our customers . The reception of our service has been very encouraging : Over 60,000 customers have deposited more than EUR 2 billion in our 27 partner banks from 15 European countries . These numbers are rapidly growing as more people realize they do not have to settle for near - zero or negative returns on their term deposits . The national EU - mandated deposit guarantee schemes safeguarding deposits up to EUR 100,000 per customer per bank give customers the security and comfort of knowing their savings are safe . What do you see next for deposit investing ? Our brand reputation and recognition enables us to deepen our offering in terms of bank and term - deposit offerings . In addition , we can broaden our portfolio of savings products to serve more customers with additional savings and investment products . These products should be relatively simple so that our offering continues to be transparent and comparable across providers . In addition , we are in the process of launching distribution partnerships with traditional banks to enable financial advisors to provide Raisin savings products to their customers , thus enabling them to secure better returns on their deposits . These distribution partners would potentially enable millions of European savers to access Raisin offerings via the online banking system of their existing banks . How have you been able to grow the transactions on your platform from zero to more than EUR2 billions ? That 's an impressive investments milestone . Since we launched our platform we have continuously sought to broaden Raisin 's offer by making sure that Raisin customers have access to consistently attractive interest rates . In addition , we have sought to increase our brand awareness by highlighting the novelty and quality of our service to a broad public . We use a broad range of marketing channels including both digital and traditional media and coverage garnered from important media such as The Economist , the Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times Our efforts have resulted in Raisin having the highest brand recognition of any fintech company in German - speaking markets . Thirdly , we have expanded our geographic coverage by opening localized platforms for Austria ( weltsparen.at ) , France ( raisin.fr ) , Spain ( raisin.es ) and English - speaking Europe ( raisin.com ) . Soon , we will also open a platform for the Italian market . With Raisin you already got more than EUR30 million in investments from top tiers VCs . Any suggestions that you can share with founders looking to raise funding ? We have actually raised over EUR60 million ! The 26th of January we announced a series C round of funding that raised an additional EUR30 million from investors including US - based Thrive Capital and with the participation of Raisin 's existing investors - Palo Alto - based Ribbit Capital and Index Ventures . If there is one piece of advice I recommend potential founders to treasure is to get the first round of funding right and clean . To skimp on legal fees or to settle for mediocre conditions is more harmful than most founders realize . We also always avoided rewarding our investors for non - investment contributions as this is exactly what founders should expect from early / Angel investors for free . Successive funding round negotiations will be based on the terms signed in the first round . So if one settles for poor terms in the first round , it is almost inevitable that all successive rounds will be affected . I found that one of the peculiarities of Germany is to have a highly - decentralized Fintech ecosystem . Berlin is a big tech hub , but Hamburg , Munich and Frankfurt also play an important role . Do you see this as an issue or a strength for the development of the German Fintech industry ? Decentralization is a feature of German business life . In Germany , the automotive sector is decentralized with hubs in different cities of different regions such as Wolfsburg , Stuttgart , Munich . The German fintech sector also reflects this diversity . Given that cities such as Hamburg , Munich , Frankfurt and Berlin each have distinct strengths in terms of the capital , infrastructure and talent they can draw on , it is understandable that Germany does not have one single fintech center , as one might say is the case in France or in the UK . What 's the startup scene like in Berlin ? Are you happy to have started Raisin there ? Raisin is very happy to have established its operations in Berlin . The vibrant startup scene and the plentiful availability of highly - qualified expatriates , facilitates the recruitment of talent . Given that a talented workforce is one of the key drivers of our success , the pool of talent Berlin provides is extremely important . Do you think that the Brexit and the tense political climate could represent an issue for the Fintech industry ? The fintech industry will continue to grow regardless of political turbulence : Events such as Brexit can however have a very heavy local impact . If fintech firms based in the UK lose their passporting rights to mainland Europe this could greatly reduce their potential customer base - we are talking of an EU market of currently 510 million people which would shrink to just over 64 million people living in the UK . On the other hand , it is clear that EU fintech companies will be less affected , given that the population of the EU without the UK will still amount to over 440 million people . This means that UK - based companies may have to establish a second base office in the European Union in order to do business on the continent . This adds overhead expenses and may be in some instances unwieldy . What excites you most right now and what do you see next for Fintech ? Do you believe the hype about Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence ? Overall I see two large trends that will define the next few years in the banking and fintech sector : In the fintech sector , I see regulatory and competitive pressure pushing banks to open access to their APIs , thus leading to more competition , greater transparency and above all more choice for customers . This will mean that banks will no longer be able to count on captive customers . In this context , easy access to information across banking institutions will make marketplaces increasingly important in determining where end customers place their money , based on the superior transparency and competitiveness of financial offers these marketplaces make available . The second trend that I see emerging is a significant increase in context - based services and products . That is , a situation where the increasing availability of reliable and affordable data , makes it possible for companies to offer products and services at the instant customers most need it , both in time - sensitive and location - sensitive contexts . Do you have any books , blogs , podcasts or other publications that you would suggest to other entrepreneurs ? SP The books I recommend are Ben Horowitz ' " The Hard Thing about Hard Things " and Peter Thiel 's " Zero to One " which are insightful and fun to read . A publication I regularly read is the Economist . For news and trends in the fintech sphere I like listening to Andre Bajorat 's " Payment and Banking " podcast .
The digital wallet revolution has not have lived up to its expectations -- yet . According to Gallup , just 13 percent of smartphone owners have a digital wallet app , while the majority of those who do have an app ( 76 percent ) , rarely use it . That may be disheartening for those of us involved in the industry , but there 's always a silver lining . Business Insider is forecasting that in the U.S. alone mobile payments volume will increase to $ 503 billion by 2020 and will be used by 56 percent of the consumer population during that year . Meanwhile , Sweden , Singapore , the Netherlands , France , Canada , Belgium and the U.K. are already on their way to becoming cashless societies - with Australia , Brazil , India and much of Africa following suit . While there are still barriers and limitations , such as security concerns and limited number of compatible vendors , digital wallets , and mobile payments are not only changing how we pay for goods and services , they also have the power to go beyond payments because of how they 're constantly being evolved - which is going to be important for both businesses and customers . The idea of a digital wallet , which is basically just a digital version of a physical wallet , is n't new . In fact , David Chaum , an American cryptographer , created digital cash all the way back in 1983 . That was the beginning of cryptocurrencies . Once we entered the ' 90s , however , things began to accelerate rather quickly . Thanks to the internet and advances in technology , we had the ability to start ordering pizzas online ( some claim that happened in 1994 when a customer ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza from Pizza Hut ) and purchase movie tickets using a phone ( Ericsson and Telenor Mobil accomplished this in 1999 ) . We also saw the introduction of PayPal in 1998 , which is considered the first digital wallet . By 2003 , mobile devices started picking up momentum , which was followed by developments like the invention of bitcoin in 2008 and the introduction of Google Wallet ( 2011 ) and Apple Pay ( 2014 ) . Today , however , there 's a lot of confusion surrounding digital wallets and mobile payments since these terms are interchanged so frequently . To be clear , a digital wallet is simply tokenization of data . While digital wallets are often associated with payments , they can be used to issue digital rewards , tickets or boarding passes , room keys , or identification . Mobile wallets are basically the mobile version of a digital wallet with five types of mobile payments : For customers , digital wallets and mobile payments can replace carrying around a bulky wallet . Besides being a minor hassle , you no longer have to be concerned if you forgot your cash , credit card , or ID at home . All that information is stored on your smartphone . And , unlike your wallet , you probably never leave home without your phone . Additionally , using digital and mobile payments saves you time . Instead of inserting a card into an EMV terminal , you can just swipe and go . And , when shopping online , you no longer have to race against time to complete a purchase before your session expires , like when buying concert tickets . As long as you have a digital wallet , you can make instantaneous payments online . Digital wallets also come with customer perks like promotions , cash back rewards , and keeping track of your accounting easier . Most importantly , they 're convenient . You can split a dinner tab with friends , pay bills , and avoid expensive transaction fees when you travel . For businesses you have access to funds almost immediately , you save money on transaction fees by removing third parties , and you do n't have to invest in an expensive POS system . Additionally , digital and mobile payments provide access to real - time data , helps you maintain a competitive edge , and most importantly , improves the customer experience since you 're providing fast and secure payment methods . Digital wallets and mobile payments are rapidly evolving in order to enhance the experience for both customers and business owners . That means that they 're going beyond simply transferring funds electronically or swiping your smartphone over a checkout terminal . For example , major banking institutions that JPMorgan Chase & Co. , Bank of America Corp. , Wells Fargo & Co. and U.S. Bancorp , launched a joint venture called clearXchange . This allows customers to transfer funds instantly to another bank account through their phones . Traditional banks are also creating digital wallet apps that allow you to review your account , establish budgets , receive alert notifications , and transfer fund via social channels like Facebook . Wearables , such as watches , wristbands , and jackets , are starting to be used to make payments , as is the possibility of tapping into the Internet of Things . In the near future , you 'll be able to preorder your morning cup of coffee at Starbucks while driving since your Starbucks app is connected to your car . The most buzzed trend , however , is the blockchain . While often associated with cryptocurrencies like bitcoin , the blockchain will make it possible for digital wallets to handle transactions like ; Like it or not , digital wallets and mobile payments are steering us towards a cashless world where payments can be made quickly , conveniently , and securely with just the tap of a button . However , digital wallets are also moving beyond smartphones and payments . On top of transferring funds , we 'll be able to monitor accounts in real - time and use blockchain technology to make immediate transfers of money to titles . What do digital wallets and mobile payments mean for you ? John Rampton is an entrepreneur , investor , online marketing guru and startup enthusiast . He is founder of the online invoicing company Due . John is best known as an entrepreneur and connector . He was recently named # 3 on Top 50 Online Influ ...
The Westerwelle Foundation is looking for entrepreneurs from developing and emerging countries to participate in its Young Founders Programme . The programme will take place over the course of a year and those accepted will have access to mentoring , online coaching and webinars , international alumni network , as well as invitations and scholarships to entrepreneurship conferences . Participants will also attend the Young Founders Conference in Berlin , Germany , which takes place on 13 to 16 September . Accommodation and travel will be covered by the Westerwelle Foundation . The Young Founders Conference looks to connect young entrepreneurs with each other as well as the German startup scene , successful entrepreneurs , and political decision makers . Westerwelle foundation was established in 2013 by former German Minister of Foreign Affairs , Dr. Guido Westerwelle , and CEO and founder of United Internet AG , Ralph Dommermuth . The organisation looks to connect young entrepreneurs , executives , and decision makers from around the world for collaboration . Applications are open until 30 April . Those interested can apply here .
Starting a business is not an easy endeavor . There are a ton of moving parts -- infrastructure , client acquisition , website traffic , money management and more . For a new business leader , this can be overwhelming . However , utilizing a bigger platform can be a way to growth hack your startup . Getting on a platform like Fiverr , a site where freelance workers can connect with employers looking for their skills , is one of the best ways to jumpstart your service business . The site 's success stories show how normal people have been able to use the platform to create massive success . Damian Pros was only 19 when his mother was diagnosed with cancer . His mother 's income was reduced by about 50 percent and his dad did n't have a job then . Any savings they had went toward his mother 's medical bills , so he did n't really have any other choice but to succeed . He jumped on Fiverr and built an empire where he now makes five figures a month from that platform alone . If you 're looking to leverage a bigger platform to skyrocket the growth of your startup , here are three reasons to do so : Most startups face the problem of having little - to - no customers when they first start out . This is normal . However , when you utilize a platform like Fiverr , you suddenly have access to whoever uses their platform . Whether those users are vendors or customers not directly looking for your product , you still get the benefits of having an influx of eyeballs on your product or service . Once you ' ve grown to a solid base of customers , you can then re - invest a good chunk of that revenue in advertising for acquiring more customers . Fiverr is a big enough platform that gives you access to millions of business owners around the world . However , you should n't be limited to what a platform provides . Pros uses Fiverr as a pre - qualifier to acquire bigger clients who can afford his agency 's high - end services . Since he often starts working with these clients on Fiverr , it 's easier for him to close high - end deals . In the psychology of influence this is called " commitment - consistency " bias . By getting business owners to commit to a smaller purchase of $ 50 to $ 200 , they are more likely to be consistent with their past decision and buy a higher - end service from you . Common sense is n't always straight to the point . It 's proven by the hundreds of businesses with poor customer service . You can be great at closing sales but if you lack in customer service , then you wo n't retain clients . In fact , it 's extremely important you get customer service right on Fiverr , because if you do n't , the customer can write a bad review which leads to less business . People buy products and services on Fiverr based on quality . Quality is perceived by reviews . If you have good reviews , you 'll get business and Fiverr will promote you by ranking you higher on their site . It 's their own SEO system . That 's why Damian has two full time support agents for his business on Fiverr . Even though they 're not always needed , it 's important they 're there to give a timely response to potential customers . Being on a larger platform like Fiverr eliminates the need of having your own website . Though a website should be one of the first steps in your startup 's development , Fiverr enables you to have a strong presence without one . With Fiverr , there 's no website issues you have to work around . Fiverr also has their own integrated payment system . Many online business owners struggle at first by not knowing which payment processor to use and how to implement one on their site . Using what Fiverr has on their site eliminates the need to find a payment processor . SP These are only some of the ways using a bigger platform can help eliminate many problems a startup faces when getting started . With dozens of marketplace platforms out there , it 's just a matter of finding the one that fits your startup . Once you ' ve found a marketplace where you can sell your product or service , it 's time to build an infrastructure , develop incredible customer service practices and start attracting customers instantly . SP Nathan Resnick is a serial entrepreneur who currently serves as CEO of Sourcify , a marketplace of the world 's top manufacturers . Having brought dozens of products to life , he knows the ins and outs of how to turn ideas into realities.&n ... ;
Rebecca Norlander . Photo via Samepage Health . SP Two Seattle healthcare companies are joining forces to build tech - infused solutions together . Samepage Health has acquired Health123 , a Seattle - based startup that launched in 2011 and created a healthcare intelligence management platform . Founded by University of Washington professor Paul Ciechanowski , Samepage has been around for several years and sells online tools to help professionals treat patients with multiple behavior health and medical conditions . The idea is to reduce money that delivery networks , medical groups and payers spend on complex chronic patients , while improving the quality of the care . Now Samepage will utilize Health123 's platform . Health123 co - founder Rebecca Norlander , a former Microsoft executive , is now CEO of Samepage . Her two colleagues , CTO Walt Jones and COO Rachel Lanham , will also join the company , which will employ around 10 people after the acquisition . Norlander said the Health123 platform can be a " force multiplier " for Samepage 's existing Samepage Method product , which is used by clients like Mayo Clinic , NYC Health and Hospitals Corporation , and Trinity Health . " Samepage has built a vibrant services - based business , but wants to take it to the next level with technology to create the one - two punch of services powered by scalable platform technologies -- that 's where Health123 comes in , " Norlander told GeekWire . Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed . " We are thrilled to welcome Health123 's talented and innovative leadership and personnel to join the Samepage team , " Ciechanowski said in a statement . " By leveraging their proven platform , we will be able to bring our successful solution to more customers quickly , and more deeply engage patients on their terms while better supporting clinicians . "
Over the last decade , Spain has experienced a shift from traditional to contemporary regarding working culture . The 400 + co - working spaces all around Spain have contributed greatly to this shift and have fostered engagement and innovation in its regions . The economic crisis , the growing number of flexible independent workers and startups , and the shift towards collaborative economic models , in addition to the social and engaging mentality of the Spaniards , have added up to the fast - growing co - working ecosystem in the country . In exchange for a monthly fee that in most cases ranges from EUR100 to EUR250 , co - working enthusiasts get access to an office environment , Internet , coffee , meeting rooms and in some cases mentoring opportunities in almost all Spanish cities . SP To ease your decision and to provide you with a short overview , we ' ve compiled a list with 10 of the coolest co - working spaces in Madrid . And here it is : Utopic_US - Home of 3 offices around Madrid , Utopic_Us is the most famous co - working space in Madrid . Embodiment of open collaborative space , this co - working place offers freelancers , startups and other professionals fully equipped offices , meeting rooms and access to their training programs . Their combination of mixed ikea furniture , Japanese design and hammocks come in support of the creative and lively character of the space . Excellent for professional development and networking opportunities . Cost : Different packages available at different location , varying from EUR135 to EUR1,350 . Shed Coworking - Shed Coworking is practical and affordable co - working space , offering full amenities and workshops to keep you informed . Cozy lounge , comfy chairs and outdoor garden to keep you motivated . Home to a great startup community with which you can exchange ideas and search for new talent . Described as surrounded with positive vibe and the possibility to reinvent yourself , so If you are looking for productive and engaging community , this is it . Cost : Full packages vary from EUR180 to EUR250 per month . El play - Offering one of the most open , comfortable and luminous offices in Madrid , El play is a combination of colors , inspiration and good vibes . With colorful sofas and walls , multiple floors , spacious shared spaces , full services and plenty of lounge areas around , this coworking space will boost your productivity and fast forward your idea . Cost : Full package starts at EUR225 per month . La Nave - La Nave is a hub for creative , independent minds spread over 250 square meters in the heart of Madrid . With independent offices , shared spaces , meeting rooms and workspace areas for startups , entrepreneurs , advertising specialists and freelancers , La nave has something for everyone . Their beautifully designed work spaces will inspire you to get in and get busy and you will witness beautiful synergy among like minded professionals from various backgrounds . Cost : Full package starts at EUR220 per month . Impact Hub - Known for its vibrant community , meaningful programs and an inspiring space to help you fast forward you idea . Like every other Impact Hub , the Madrid branch will offer you a dynamic community of like - minded brains and dynamic atmosphere where you can collaborate and grow . It offers a collaborative space , supportive working environment and all the necessary equipment . Cost : Full package starts at EUR250 per month . Colabora Coworking - With their high speed internet , freshly brewed coffee and fully equipped meeting rooms with audio and video conferencing , Colabora Coworking makes sure your time and productivity is well spent . Known to provide advice in relation to taxation , labor , patent and trademark registration or whatever else you may require . A lounge chill out area and bar are available once the work is done and language courses for those who want to expand their horizons . Cost : Full package starts at EUR230 per month . The underground den - The underground den is all about community , space and services . It provides 24/7 access to shared workspace and private meeting rooms , equipped with the latest technology , access to a supportive community of like - minded entrepreneurs , events , workshops , affordable professional services and business support . As a business center and a co - working space , they offer the ideal environment for scaling your idea and creating strong networking opportunities . Cost : Full package starts at EUR275 per month . Cool inquieto - Whether you are a developer , designer , consultant , or any other profession , you can use Cool inquieto as your base . This co - working space is offering shared and dedicated work spaces to meet your business and networking needs , office equipment , super fast wi - fi and fresh coffee to keep you motivated . Known to encourage collaborative projects among its tenants . Cost : Full package varies from EUR140 to EUR175 per month . Freeland innovation center - Fostering innovation and positive thinking , Freeland innovation center will offer you a well - networked and vibrant community in combination with mentor interactions . You can get legal / tax / social insurance advice if you need it , or your accounting done for you , if you want . You will literally be surrounded by resources to take advantage of and plenty of like - minded individuals . Cost : Full package varies from EUR45 to EUR330 per month depending on person / group . Community Coworking - All co - working enthusiasts in Madrid can access fully furnished co - working spaces with access to all the basic services they need to stay connected and focus on things that matter to their business at Community Coworking . Placed in white and green interior with comfy , ergonomic chairs and non stop coffee , Community Coworking is the place to get your work done , but also to get your ideas happening , to think and rethink , collaborate and share . Cost : Full packages vary from EUR109 to EUR169 per month .
Nigeria will be receiving its own televised SME pitching competition titled The Amazon Project . The show aims to provide entrepreneurs with the necessary ways to take their product to market . AIS Media along with other partners will help entrepreneurs discover new ideas , validate their concepts as well as try to assist them with financial support in the form of investments . The show is accepting applications from thousands of Nigerian startups , who will undergo major scrutiny by a consulting organisation . This same organisation will shortlist businesses who will be selected to pitch their idea on the show . These pitches will undergo further scrutiny from a distinguished panel of judges . The judges consist of the executive chairman of the Phillips Consulting Group , Foluso Phillips ; MD and CEO of Zapphaire Events , Funke Bucknor - Obruthe ; the founder of Numeris Media Group , Anne Ngozi Agbakoba and the MD and CEO of NetPlusDotCom , Wole Faroun . SP
The goal of startup competitions is simple : give smaller startups the attention , opportunity , and maybe even prizes that they would have a hard time finding without a stage to pitch on . They bring together investors , founders , and entrepreneurs to facilitate economic growth and spur innovation in a way that the natural process of business does n't allow . For that reason , startup competitions need to be inclusive . They need to have an eclectic array of startups participating in the events , a wide range of investors that could change the life of a hopeful founder , and above all , a diverse founder group looking to change the world with their startup . At Tech . Co , our focus on inclusion shines the brightest when it comes to our Startup of the Year competition , which takes place at our annual conference , Innovate ! and Celebrate . In addition to providing a supportive environment for startups to get noticed , we 're also committed to bringing startups from around the world from all walks of life together to compete for prizes that could bring their company the success they 're looking for . " Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year Competition takes it to another level with their nationwide , highly inclusive focus , " said Cheryl Foil , principal at Kiddar Capital , in an interview with Tech . Co . Our Startup of the Year competition is the best example of practicing what you preach when it comes to inclusion and diversity . As you 'll see in the infographic below , our current applicant pool for the 2017 edition is a model of inclusion , with 47 percent minority founders and 34 percent female founders . We ' ve even received applications from 38 different countries . And this , we will assure you , is not an accident . " Inclusion has always been a priority for Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , " said Jen Consalvo , COO of Tech . Co . " We work hard to invite and attract a sizable amount of female and minority entrepreneurs and offer an incredible opportunity for them to get noticed by top accelerator programs , investors and industry leaders . " If you think you have what it takes to be the Startup of the Year , you need to apply today . Remember , the 100 startups that are chosen will be invited to join us in San Francisco , CA for Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 , and will be on their way to startup success in no time ! Read more about the Startup of the Year Competition here on Tech . Co
Software - as - a - Service ( SaaS ) with cloud technology are starting to become a norm . Angel List reports 11,325 SaaS startups with an average value of $ 4.3 million . These tools can help you grow both internally and externally , especially when it comes to communication . We asked seven entrepreneurs which SaaS products are the most attractive and why . Check out their answers and investigate the value of the following products for your startup . We use Ring Central because it eliminates the need for an on - premise private branch exchange ( PBX ) in order to have a complete enterprise phone system . The cloud gives the same capability at a fraction of the cost . The mobility it offers is excellent : we can literally take our entire phone system out of the office , forwarding calls to our mobile devices and monitoring all activity through the app . - Jonathan Long of Market Domination Media Using a virtual PBX phone system and TollFreeForwarding has allowed us to expand our business considerably . By establishing local and toll - free numbers in a variety of countries , we can market to international audiences and serve them in their own language . Even though all of the phone lines forward to our US offices , each line has a native speaker who is able to help individuals in a variety of countries . - Marcela De Vivo of Gryffin We use Grasshopper because it protects the personal phone numbers of our employees who answer calls and reach out to customers . It 's also easily integrated into a voice command system where the employees using the system are only one click away from connecting with customers and vice versa . I ' ve always used it and have never had any complaints about their user interface . - Rob Fulton of Rob Fulton We are fans of Google Hangouts . Google Hangouts are the easiest way to quickly voice and video chat with one or more people both internal or external to the organization . Powerful tools like the ability to host live hangouts - which stream to YouTube and directly ring phone numbers into a conference - make it even more versatile . Best of all , it 's free . - Nanxi Liu of ENPLUG Sqwiggle is great for remote teams as not only can you communicate with the rest of your team , you can easily engage with them throughout the work day . They have an innovative product with click - to - talk and instant video . This allows you to stay in close contact with your team and build a strong remote culture . - Randy Rayess of VenturePact Our staff is based remotely around the world , and Skype wins for its universality . Everyone knows it and knows how to use it . It 's cost effective for our business , and our clients prefer using it to some of the newer voice communication SaaS products . We use it for company and team - wide chats , voice and for transferring small files . We haven't needed to look elsewhere for communication tools . - Jared Brown of Talentopoly Switch is a virtual phone system made by the same guy that invented Google Voice and UberConference . Switch has a simple and clean user interface , as well as all of the features and functionality that you hope for in a modern phone system . It never ceases to amaze me how far telecom has lagged behind in terms of features and functionality . Switch gives me hope ! - Danny Boice of Trustify This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Ezra Galston is a VC at Chicago Ventures . At CV , Ezra focuses on consumer facing investment and is actively involved with BloomNation , Kapow Events , Luxury Garage Sale , Shiftgig , SpotHero , Zipments , and Havenly . He writes one of my favorite VC blogs at BreakingVC.com and his thoughts on startups have also been published in the Wall Street Journal , TechCrunch , VentureBeat , and Re / code . Before becoming a venture capitalist , Ezra was a professional poker player and the Director of Marketing for CardRunners Gaming . In this episode , we touch on , how Ezra got into angel investing , what motivates Chicago Ventures , what the one question every founder should ask of their VCs , and why Ezra prefers growing a business over starting one . Plus we 'll also talk about where he sources his investments from , why producing content as a VC is important , how they look for outliers in the entrepreneurs they back , and how he finds and cultivates his mentors . After all that , he discuss why Ezra thinks ecommerce companies are underestimated , what Ezra wishes he knew when he first got into the venture industry , why some venture capital investments never get announced , why he thinks Chicago is so good at building great business , and hat we can do to make Chicago even better for startups . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON STITCHER SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Technology is a double edged sword . While it allows you to keep in contact with friends , check the weather in an instant , and watch more television series than should ever be allowed , it also opens up startups , corporations , and everyday citizens to cyber attacks and hacks that could result in millions of dollars in losses . And with all that on the line , you 'd think people would understand the importance of protecting your online data . Unfortunately , you could n't be more wrong . According to a recent study from the Pew Research Center , Americans are wildly uninformed about the means by which they can protect themselves from hackers itching to steal their personal online data . In a thirteen - question survey , Americans were tested on their knowledge of a number of cybersecurity issues and terms . And they did n't do very well . SP It is worth noting that most Americans are n't doing anything wrong . They are n't misinformed about how to protect their online data from potential hackers , rather they are n't informed at all . As you can see from the above graph , the most common response to most answers was " not sure , " pointing to a general lack of information opposed to misinformation . " Although the share of online adults who can correctly answer questions about cybersecurity issues varies from topic to topic , in most cases the share providing an actual incorrect answer is relatively small , " wrote the authors of the study . " Rather , many users indicate that they simply are not sure of the correct answer to a large number of the questions in this survey . " With questions ranging from email encryption and WiFi traffic to free credit reports and private browsing , it 's no wondering Americans are struggling to keep up . The cybersecurity sector is as broad as it is vital , making everyday citizens confused , overwhelmed , and downright annoyed . However , if you are truly committed to making sure you are protected from malware , hacks , ransomware , and any other type of cyber attack , understanding these questions is the first step in ensuring your digital safety . Read more about cybersecurity here on Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / Blue Coat Photos
" Data tells a compelling story -- way more compelling than whatever I can articulate , " Maia Josebachvili , vice president of strategy , marketing and people at the recruitment software company , Greenhouse , told me . Josebachvilli is like so many others today who are striving to make their workplaces better . And , in that context , she described to me how her team members noticed immediately the difference people analytics could make at a growing company like theirs . " We found that we could give the same advice to a manager over and over again , but they did n't always listen , " she said . " However , once we started sharing metrics and backing our statements up with data , our managers became incredibly invested in the results . " People analytics " involves the use of data to make decisions about company practices and processes . " With the help of people analytics , " Josebachvili continued , during our conversation , " our managers now feel truly responsible and empowered to own the engagement of their teams . " As more leaders make this same discovery , people analytics -- which is reshaping human resources practices -- will become a bigger part of how business is done . In fact , according to the Global Human Capital Trends 2016 report from Deloitte University Press , 32 percent of the more than 7,000 companies surveyed said they were ready to start using people analytics . That 's an increase from just 24 percent of companies in 2015 . However , many business leaders remain hesitant to start a widespread use of data tools . Especially for a startup , such tools might seem unnecessary or too expensive . That 's a shame because , in actuality , using data to inform talent - management decisions helps companies dodge costly mistakes . Here are five wasteful situations that using people analytics could help companies avoid : When job - seekers coming out of the hiring process are unhappy , the result can be damage to the organization 's reputation as an employer and damage to its overall brand . In fact , according to a May 2015 CareerBuilder study of more than 5,000 American employees , 69 percent of respondents said they were less likely to buy from an organization after a bad interview experience . Similarly , when Josebachvili and her colleagues looked at data from their recruiting process , they were understandably dismayed to uncover a poor candidate experience . " We found that one of our KPIs , our candidate experience score , was not as high as we wanted it to be , " she said . " The recruiting team dug into the data , assessed any existing problems and potential opportunities , created a plan and was able to raise the percentage of happy candidates by 13 percent in just one quarter . " For a growing company , every hire matters . Choosing the wrong person for a role affects the team 's productivity and inevitably leads to more resources being wasted as you look for a replacement . Luckily , there are now people analytics tools that help companies make better decisions . Ray McKenzie , founder and principal of Red Beach Advisors , based in Los Angeles , Calif. , said he uses Predictive Index to guide his hiring decisions . The tool employs behavioral , skills and cognitive assessments to provide unbiased insights about job - seekers . " Implementing people analytics has helped me place individuals in correct roles within my company , " McKenzie told me . " By positioning the individual properly , I receive a better work output from their efforts . People are in roles they enjoy ; the workplace is happier . Employees have a sense of self - gratification and accomplishment . It 's a win - win for everyone . " For companies in new or niche industries , " best practices " are often not yet in place for companies to follow to create an enjoyable workplace . Unfortunately , adapting strategies from other industries or guessing what to do does n't always work out . But now , with people analytics , companies can get to know their own workforce rather than making unfounded assumptions . The insights gained can help them engage the best employees and retain them , to avoid costly turnover . Keegan Peterson 's experience is an example : " Being in the cannabis industry , there is not a lot of publicly available data on the people within it , " Peterson , who 's founder and CEO of Wurk , in Denver , Colo. , told me . " In order for us to support the needs of the industry , we need to first understand who works in it and what needs those individuals have . " In his case , Peterson said , he originally assumed that a free - form work environment would allow his team to do better and more innovative work . But people analytics showed that was n't the case . " There is really a science to it , " he explained . " The data showed that structured processes with specific creative times was [ a framework ] much more attractive and beneficial to our workforce . Once we made the change , we could clearly see an increase in productivity , which also increased our company morale . " The longer an organization uses people analytics , the better its leaders get at being able to spot trends and get ahead of problems . Month after month , year after year , certain patterns become obvious . " One of the biggest benefits of people analytics is the ability to track employee - sentiment trends over time , " said Ketti Salemme , senior employee engagement manager at TINYpulse in Seattle , Wash. " Looking at our own data , we 're able to see which time of year employee happiness is typically lowest or highest , and plan accordingly . It 's immensely helpful with both business decision - making and predicting and preventing work - culture dips . " TINYpulse 's own tool helps track these trends ; so does another tool , Syndio . Through short surveys , Syndio provides insights into the relationships among employees to see how well everyone is working . It offers suggestions on how to improve the workplace , and identifies individuals who can help improve morale . Growing companies need to save money wherever possible . Being able to avoid paying more for unemployment insurance , or wasting a paycheck on an employee who is n't being productive , is a big benefit . Celeste O'Keefe , CEO of The DANCEL Group Inc. , in New Orleans , La. , found that people analytics gave her the information she needed to avoid these costs . " We use Veriato to improve productivity and training , " she said . " We look at the time spent working , as well as the end results . " After the software revealed , for instance , that one particular employee had been spending most of the workday playing solitaire , O'Keefe said the company was able to stop an unemployment claim . " As a small business , that 's a key savings , " she pointed out . " When a former employee goes on unemployment , expenses go up . The software gives me something tangible to prove my position , so it is n't just ' their word against mine . ' " Waldorf , Md .- based Heather R. Huhman is a career expert , experienced hiring manager and president of Come Recommended , a content - marketing and digital - PR consultancy for job - search and human - resources technologies . She is the ...
Market research is imperative to the success of any business . According to studies , some of the top reasons why startups fail include the lack of planning , the absence of supplier knowledge , and issues with pricing . Regardless of your niche , the chances of these occurring can be greatly reduced , if not eliminated , with adequate research . However , conducting market research is a lot harder than it seems . With the overwhelming amount of data obtainable via the internet , it 's more challenging to siphon what 's relevant and beneficial for growing your business . To ensure your success , below are five of the best market research strategies and resources you can leverage : When it comes to market research , it 's best to start with wider scopes before investing time , money , and energy on statistically accurate data . With exploratory research , your goal is to find opportunities for business growth and scout research areas that require prioritization . Due to the broad nature of exploratory research , you can start with free sources such as academic journal entries , government research , and online publications that deal with topics in your niche . You can also start with a simple content research tool like BuzzSumo to find the latest news and the most popular content based on keywords . Conducting exploratory research will also help you pinpoint problems that need to be solved . It 's basically the same as researching for ideas in content marketing . First , you look for problems that your target market has . If there 's already an existing solution , see if you can improve it . Otherwise , look for another problem by way of primary research , which means to obtain information straight from your potential customers . An inexpensive way of doing primary research this is to utilize Q&A websites like Quora . By understanding the questions that your target market have , you can determine whether there 's demand for the information , service , or product that you offer . You can also refer to social media websites so you can participate in existing conversations yourself . Another way to do primary research is to run online surveys using platforms like SurveyMonkey . This will help you setup a campaign , reach millions of users that match your specified demographics , and generate results within minutes . Running online surveys allows the voice of your target consumers to influence decisions that will affect the direction of your business . It can be done for different purposes such as market segmentation , fine - tuning the features you want for your next release , and generating positive customer feedback for social proof . The success of any online marketing campaign boils down to one thing - your keyword strategy . Take note that keywords can determine the visibility of your promotional material , be it for ads or branded content . One of the go - to tools for this is the Adwords Keyword Planner from Google , which will provide you with a set of usable keywords based on a phrase or term that describes your industry . Knowing the current , on - demand keywords in your niche is the first step to developing a targeted SEO strategy . It also allows you to check out the rates for competitive keywords so you can plan your advertising budget accordingly . If you 're already invested in a product , an unconventional way of testing demand is to launch a crowdfunding campaign . It 's not exactly a market research strategy , nor is it free , but it lets the judgment of experienced online investors validate the profitability of your product idea . Simply put , if you hit your crowdfunding goal , it means people find your product intriguing and worth their investment . In which case , you 'll also get the funding to propel your business forward . But if your campaign fails , then you should probably go back to the drawing board and avoid wasting any more resources on your idea .
On April 13 we 'll host the EU - Startups Conference 2017 at the HTW Audimax in Berlin . Aside of fireside chats with inspiring founders , interesting speeches , and networking opportunities , we 'll have an exciting pitch competition with 15 promising startups from all across Europe . The winning startup will receive a prize package worth EUR17,500 . The package includes prizes / credits from cloud technology provider Aruba Cloud ( value : EUR9,000 ) , the email service SendGrid ( value : EUR2,950 ) , the CRM , project management & invoicing solution Teamleader ( value : EUR3,600 ) , the design marketplace 99designs ( value : EUR1,000 ) and our Job Board ( value : EUR950 ) . In total we received over 140 applications from all across Europe . It was a tough decision , but here are the 15 early - stage startups that made it to the finals : Actijoy is a Czech startup that created a digital personal trainer and diet coach for dogs . Their pioneering solution involves an IoT device , which is a health and activity tracker , a WiFi bowl which tracks the food and water consumption , and a mobile app which evaluates all the collected information and provides you with advice . Ari . Farm is a Stockholm - based startup which has developed a crowdfarming platform that enables anyone anywhere in the world to easily invest in livestock while making a real difference . By using the disrupting nature of the internet and Somalia 's most important sector , Ari . Farm helps livestock farmers from there to reach a global audience . B2B Pay is a German / Finnish startup which offers virtual bank accounts for companies that export into Europe which collects payments domestically . Its mission is to make international business transactions as quick and as cheap as possible with complete transparency about costs . It simplifies the bureaucratic process and eliminates the need for back and forth paperwork . Gaming Athletes is a Berlin - based startup which is building an AI based online platform that focuses on the organization of worldwide online tournaments for eSports . It supports online gamers with competitive challenges for their favorite games . The online tournaments differentiate regions , time zones , skill classes and ensure fair play to all of the athletes . IzalinK is a French Nice - based startup which creates a unified e - commerce platform that enables car care centers to build and run their entire online business , from payment processing and analytics , to stock management and marketing tools and drive new sales . Jaspr is a Berlin - based startup which lets you trade your talents and unneeded valuables with like - minded people around you in minutes , cash - free . Jaspr creates good - spirited , surprising opportunities by arranging trades between like - minded people via a mobile app . MintIt is an Austrian startup which build an AI - powered education platform for value investors . In simple terms it is a bot to help you improve investor 's decision making process . MintIt aims to change the wealth industry by providing transparency and by giving control back to investors . MySkillCamp is a Belgian startup that enables companies to easily create their own private learning and training environment . This way , MySkillCamp helps its clients to improve and digitize their current corporate courses . The MySkillCamp platform enables anyone to create , share and measure the impact of their online courses . nevisQ is an Aachen - based startup which created new technology that allows you to monitor activities within living spaces ( for e.g. retirement homes ) . nevisQ 's HealthCare Solutions safes lives by tracking unusual movements and falls . Through this technology , emergency and relatives are directly informed keeping your beloved ones safe at any time . Parkd : Imagine never receiving a parking ticket again , experiencing the hassle of paying at a parking meter , with a text message , or a clunky mobile application . The Belgian startup PARKD developed a ( patent pending ) parking solution that automatically starts , stops and pays for your parking session using an EOBD - II device . Rebug.io is a Polish startup which will record all user activites and interactions with your web application and based on this data set it will automatically detect IT bugs and User Experience errors . With Rebug.io your programmers will be immediately notified and will be able to watch user activities like watching YouTube videos . Scooty is an electric scooter sharing system which was started in Brussels . Users can trace , reserve and start a scooter that is part of a fleet spread out across the city via a mobile application . The scooters are equipped with helmets , users are insured and the batteries are charged by Scooty , so that you only need a smartphone to take a ride . Tasko is a Zurich - based startup which created an online portal for businesses and professionals to outsource digital tasks in a convenient and cost - effective manner . Admin work , online research and marketing support are typical tasks that Tasko currently does for its clients at $ 5 per hour - all 100% quality - assured ! Vino a Porter is an Italian startup with the mission to make the wine world easier by understanding people 's taste and needs and recommending the perfect wine for them . The startup developed a three step process to help you find what you 're looking for both in online and in brick and mortar stores . ViViDoctor is a Brussels - based startup which created a video - based telemedicine solution that lets a patient connect to a certified local doctor within minutes . When you need medical help no more calling for an appointment during your work , spending on gas , finding parking only then to wait in the waiting room . Pull your mobile out of your mobile phone and within a few taps you can connect a doctor that 's online - or schedule an online visit . Interested to join ? Secure your ticket now ! We kept it affordable : The two ticket categories we 're offering ( EUR49 / EUR99 ) already include food and drinks during the event . Tickets can be purchased here ! Teamleader helps you and your team work smarter so your small business prospers . Bringing CRM , project management and invoicing together with an intuitive software solution , Teamleader enables your team to collaborate , organize and build your business . Hiscox is a leading specialist insurer and offers tailored insurance cover for sole traders , freelancers or contractors , as well as small business owners . This includes professional indemnity for the specific business needs in IT , marketing and advertising , recruitment and management consultancy . Often , self - employed freelancers and startups are not sure what kind of risks they might face , and what cover they need . Hiscox does its best to explain what the different insurance policies can cover and provides excellent service to its clients . PwC NextLevel unifies the products and services PwC offers to startups and scale - ups . PwC Europe 's startup initiative has access to the global PwC Network ( 220,000 + people in 157 countries ) and is able to help in every single facet of your business . PwC provides industry focused assurance , tax and advisory services to enhance value for its clients and their stakeholders . OpenUp is the BNP Paribas Group initiative to foster collaboration with startups . It is a program and a digital platform connecting BNP Paribas employees working on innovation or business topics with startups worldwide . Our ambition is to co - create innovation together with fintech startups and build up the future of banking with innovative companies . Tata group is a multi - sectoral global enterprise headquartered in India , comprising over 100 independent companies operating in over 100 countries . Tata has always been committed to innovation and helping the next generation of entrepreneurs , wherever it operates , through its various initiatives across Europe . Tata partners with NACUE to deliver the Varsity Pitch Competition , which is one of the UK 's leading graduate entrepreneur pitching competitions , while in the Netherlands Tata recently partnered with Team Academy to support EU - based student entrepreneurs . Aruba Cloud , part of the Aruba Group and one of cloud computing leaders in Europe , offers startups the best Cloud technology and a three - year program to support them as they develop their business plans . By taking part in We START you UP , startups will have up to EUR9,000 of free Cloud credit , complimentary technical support , an European network of Data Center and many more exclusive benefits to help them in the market . Wirecard is a global technology group that supports companies in accepting electronic payments from all sales channels . Using the Wirecard Checkout Portal , merchants can easily , quickly and cost - effectively select the individual payment methods they need and integrate them in their online shop . With the Checkout Portal , merchants benefit from secure payments with an integrated fraud prevention , a multilingual support , partner models and a transparent pricing .
Silicon Valley Bank today released its 2017 Southern California Startup Outlook report , their second annual SoCal - focused report a sampling of the healthcare and tech startups in the area , and how they view their industries ' 2017 opportunities and challenges . Here 's what the startups between San Luis Obispo and San Diego are facing this year . 54 percent of respondents think this year will improve on the last , while 40 percent think it 'll stay the same . Just six percent took the pessimistic approach , proving that startup optimism is still strong , despite the uncertainty that the report covers , noting that : " Entrepreneurs all over tell us that they are experiencing a greater amount of uncertainly this year compared to last . Consequently , that uncertainty has led to a more cautious outlook . However , they 're still hiring , and they 're still optimistic . " 73 percent of SoCal startups expect to continue hiring . Nearly 37 percent of SoCal startups say that their fundraising experiences are best described as " extremely challenging . " This is a noticeable bump when compared to the average response of " extremely challenging " across all U.S. startups polled , which was just 23 percent . What 's to blame ? Likely the lack of VCs in the SoCal area , if the methods of fundraising are any indicator : Startups in the area plan to rely more on corporate venture than do the rest of U.S. startups in general . Here 's perhaps the most interesting metric to be gleaned from the report . SoCal startups , possibly learning from their fundraising challenges , are looking towards buyouts rather than the classic startup success story of becoming a public company . Again , from the report : " Acquisition is the dominant realistic , long - term SP exit strategy of all startups . Despite excitement around IPOs , few startups expect to go public . SP That is even truer in SoCal , where just 4 percent expect to have an IPO , compared to 16 percent nationally . " While the Silicon Valley bubble may be a stone 's throw away , SoCal startups have a different set of experiences and expectations . Read more about startups here on Tech . Co
A lot of people have had to stay up late to cram for an important test . Your textbooks are sprawled out in disarray , you ' ve got empty coffee cups crowding your desk , and anxiety is perforating the room like a bad smell . Lucky for us , three startups are trying to ease that pain . Edtech has become a staple of the education community . More and more startups are committing to making learning easier for students of all ages . From online test prep courses to the Uber of tutoring , technology is giving education the priority it so rightly deserves . Check out these three startups transforming the learning game for the better : Say hello to TriviaNote , a company that 's turning studying into a stimulating and entertaining experience . TriviaNote turns your notes into trivia games and quizzes to use for studying -- taking the toll of setting up your own practice test off your back . All you have to do is upload your notes into the platform , via laptop or smartphone , indicate the things you want to study in bold and TriviaNote goes to work scouring the Internet for additional relevant content to transform into flashcards or quizzes . SP Students can also collaborate with their classmates and challenge each others with quizzes . TriviaNote is currently in public beta testing . Few academic moments have gained more infamy than the SATs . It 's one of the biggest make - or - break moments for a students trying to get into college . SAT preparation has gained notoriety as a drudging and awful experience and students end up signing up for prep courses that leave their wallets empty and their morale drained , which is why D.C .- based startup PrepFactory created an innovative solution to help students prepare and parents to save their money . PrepFactory is a free online platform that provides students with games and fun videos to help with the preparation process . For students with test anxiety , they try to offer some comfort by providing questions and takes them through a step - by - step break down to gain confidence . PrepFactory already has a user base of 200,000 and plans to incorporate other exams like the GRE and LSAT . For students that have a hard time cramming a ton of definitions into their head , Picmonic , a research proven audiovisual mnemonic tool helps students retain and recall information . Using goofy drawings with story and audio , these tools create a studying system that can help retention and improve test scores . Subjects include everything from science and K-12 topics to test prep and a variety of college topics . Picmonic via Facebook We 're definitely beginning to enter a whole new era of studying . As students begin to close their hardcover textbooks and opt for a more stimulating alternative , startups are going to have to help deliver information in a way that fosters interactivity , maintains one 's attention and progresses their education . The day may come when students might even begin to look at an Algebra textbook with glee rather than dread . Photo : Flickr / Steven S. , Stocksnap / Pavan Trikutam
John Kueber . ( uZoom Photo ) SP uZoom is raising more cash as it builds out its 1-to-1 live video streaming platform and expands into e - commerce . The Seattle startup has reeled in an additional $ 1.5 million from Broadmark Capital and angel investors . uZoom , which raised a $ 560,000 seed round last year , launched this past June with its marketplace for live streaming video , connecting people who want to see something in the world with those on the ground that are actually there . For example , during last year 's Summer Olympics , uZoom provided a way for people to use their smartphones to live - stream from a bevy of locations -- swimming competitions , late night festivities , beaches , etc . -- and give viewers from around the world an alternate method to see what was going on in Brazil . SP The idea is that people will pay a nominal fee to see something streamed live by a " Zoomer , " with uZoom providing the platform to make it happen . " Whether you 're curious about what it 's like to go out to dinner in Japan or you 'd like a first - hand look at an elk hunt in Montana , uZoom is a platform full of new experiences and opportunities through live streaming , " the site reads . Some of the top categories on uZoom include " street tours , " " neighborhood advice , " " current events , " " local sports , " and more . Originally founded by digital media vet Martin Rincon , uZoom tapped Dean Graziano as its CEO last year . This past November , Graziano stepped down and was replaced by digital media veteran John Kueber , who was previously at Jrrny.com . Kueber told GeekWire that uZoom continues to raise more money that will be used to fund its consumer platform as well as " another initiative related to shopping / e - commerce that will be announced in the coming weeks . " Here 's a shopping - related video the company recently posted that may signal what 's in store : SP uZoom employs eight people and has raised $ 2 million to date .
In preparation for Disrupt New York and our upcoming TC Sessions series on Robotics , Matt Burns and I will be heading to Pittsburgh to talk to some startups . We could use some help . We 're aiming to be in Pittsburgh on April 11 and we need a spot and potentially a beer sponsor . We prefer neutral spots , but we could be convinced if you have a cool meeting space at your accelerator or office . We also need lots and lots of startups , preferably in hardware . Startups will have two minutes to pitch and two minutes of questioning from a set of amazing judges ( to be named . ) If you would like to help plan , please drop me a line at john@techcrunch.com . If you want to attend , keep your eye on this space and we 'll post again with a time and venue . If you 'd like to pitch at our Pitch - Off please sign up here . See yinz soon !
With spring in the air , it 's nice to get outside and enjoy some fresh air away from the hustle and bustle of daily stressors , particularly when navigating that hectic startup life . For those that need to carry their phones during their R&R time , there are some fun apps to help you learn more about the world around us . Each week , Tech . Co highlights new startups that are innovating their way into users ' hands and doing something infectiously awesome . This week , we 're looking at a wide range of startup apps and products , from universal smart buttons to cosmic apps with an eclipse detector . Tapdo is a smart button that lets you control technology with single - touch , personalized biometric interactions . It 's a single button that you wear around your wrist , but it registers all of your different fingerprints separately , meaning you can assign multiple different functions to the one Tapdo button . It also registers different parts of each finger , giving you the capability of assigning more than five different functions . Tapdo is great for smartphone users wanting to integrate smart tech into their home and use their phone while driving without breaking the law . Tapdo is powered by Bluetooth LE and is equipped with vibration feedback . Tapdo can be equipped anywhere for easy access , including a wristband . It works to control apps , music , smart home tech , and so much more . The Cosmic Watch app shows the local time at every single location on the globe with a single touch . Go to the app and touch anywhere on the globe , and Cosmic Watch will tell you the local time . Cosmic Watch also acts as an astronomical navigator , an armillary sphere , a radix chart , time travel machine , solar system simulator , and eclipse detector . Cosmic Watch is a fun , educational way to learn about the relationship between time and the celestial dynamics . Parihug gives you the opportunity to show your physical affection to far - away loved ones . They 're teddy bears that are electronically pair - able and allow people far away from each other to hug each other . Once one person hugs their teddy bear , the other person will receive a vibration from their teddy bear indicating that they received a hug . Cairn is an app designed for hikers and outdoor explorers who like to wander into places with no cell reception . Worried about a loved one going into the unknown wilderness ? Have no fear : Carin tracks their location even in dead zones and uploads it so designated safety contacts can always keep an eye on them in case of danger . Carin also does some other cool stuff , like fitness stats , elevation , and mapping the closest place to go for cell reception . StoryTerrace brings your story to life by pairing you with a professional writer to create your very own biography . If you ' ve got a story to tell , signing up with StoryTerrace will pair you with one of their professionally published writers to listen and interview you and create a beautiful product based on what you tell them . StoryTerrace makes a wonderful gift to parents , grandparents , and other loved ones . StoryTerrace also opens up the possibility of people crowdsourcing writing projects that they want to see come to fruition from somebody they think is interesting . Read more about startups here at Tech . Co . This is our new , premium Weekly Spotlight Announcement Series . Learn more about how your startup or crowdfunding project can be included and reach thousands of readers around the country , including influencers , investors and more .
About 200,000 people transition out of military service annually , and according to the Institute for Veterans and Military Families , close to half find that their main challenge is adapting to civilian culture . U.S. veterans seeking to get into business for themselves have a support network from both veteran groups and the entrepreneurial community . There are even entire nonprofits for pairing the two worlds , like Bunker Labs or Patriot Boot Camp . Why do veterans and entrepreneurial ventures go together so naturally ? Because plenty of skills apply in both worlds . I interviewed Bart Lomont , cofounder of lawn care service Robin , in order to learn more about the connections between the two . Here 's a quick look at the skill set a veteran can rely on for entrepreneurial success : When you are self - employed , there is n't necessarily a guide to help you along the way , and on a daily basis , you 'll need to make time - sensitive decisions that can impact your company . " Similar to my experience in the military , there is no playbook or road map to life in a startup , " Bart explains . " Each day , I encounter problems that nobody has ever faced before and it 's my job to figure them out . We do n't have time to wait on others to figure out the issues . We train our team to think on their feet and make decisions to the best of their ability , based on the information they have . " In the military , communication is the most critical components to a successful mission and the ability to communicate effectively to your team can also help while building your business . " Clear , concise communication is a critical attribute in our organization , " Bart says . " Whether you are communicating with a customer , a lawn crew , or even a fellow Robin employee , you should be able to get your point across in under three sentences . Anything more than that is a waste of both parties ' time and needs work . " In the military and when you own a business , being accountable for one 's work and actions can help the team understand their role and outcome goals . As Bart tells it : " We also place a focus on accountability -- no matter what the operation , it is very clear who is in charge and they know from the beginning what is expected of them . " There are many twists and turns to building a business and the ability to adapt to the unexpected things that come your way and maintain a steady head is a valuable transitional skill for veterans . SP If Bart could go back in time to the start of his career , he 'd tell himself to stop worrying about the ' what - ifs . ' " When you set out to disrupt an industry as large as the $ 40 billion landscaping market , you are going to run into a lot of unknowns , " he says . " You can never answer all of the questions until you are faced with them , so getting some real - world experience ( in our case this was getting robotic mowers out into the field with real customers for their first ever tests on US soil ) is invaluable . A startup 's greatest advantage is its adaptability . We do n't have to run decisions through committees and receive approval from different departments . We can make decisions in the field that make an immediate impact and gain us considerable advantages over the competition . " Robin proves that Bart and his co - founder Justin Crandall know how to adapt : The company recently launched the nation 's first robotic lawn care service . One of the biggest core values of the military is teamwork and it 's the most important component to help a unit complete a mission . For Bart and his cofounder Justin , they knew that teamwork includes individuals who have the experience and willing to help others succeed in their company mission . Robin had a connection to a local Bunker Labs , a 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit that supports early phase veteran - owned startups , and the cofounders reached out for help . " Bunker Labs has been a great teammate and true partner in much of our success to date , " Bart says . " Between introductions to potential investors , many new networking opportunities , and evening opening up new doors to marketing opportunities -- they have stayed true to their mission and play a valuable role in helping to advance veteran entrepreneurship . " Bunker Labs is heading in the second year of a two - year , $ 1.5 million commitment from JPMorgan Chase to launch a 10-month tour to hold events and open new chapters across the U.S. Any veteran entrepreneurs hoping to start a business already has the experience and skills to succeed and need to remember to leverage available networks . A great place to start building a network is at Startup Week where you can meet other entrepreneurs or advisors who can help you achieve your company mission . This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series .
Pluralsight is a learning and development startup from Utah which focuses on bite - size training courses for IT professionals . The cloud - based platform has more than 5,000 video courses across a range of technical skills and proficiencies , from Angular to XML . Technical courses are broken up across seven specialities : software development , IT ops , data , creative industries , business , manufacturing and design , architecture and construction . Popular courses include Java and Python fundamentals , C # and advanced Javascript . SP Each technical tutorial is authored by an expert in the field who is paid commission depending on how often the video is viewed . Pluralsight has more than 800 authors , some of whom earn millions of dollars in commission every year , with the average being between forty and fifty thousand dollars a year . Pluralsight is the only unicorn on this list after completing a massive $ 135 million ( PS94 m ) Series B funding round in August 2014 , putting the company very close to a $ 1 billion valuation . Hired is flipping the traditional recruiter - candidate relationship on its head by giving desirable candidates a platform to sell themselves and wait for employers to apply to them . Hired says that it : " Selects the top five to seven per cent of candidates through a combination of human curation and machine learning algorithms before matching them with relevant interview opportunities . The Silicon Valley - startup will pair you with a " talent advocate " to help polish your profile and negotiate with potential employers . Hired is free for candidates and is looking to appeal to employers by offering access to high quality , high intent candidates , generally in the tech and sales sectors . Hired then charges 15 percent of the hire 's first year base salary or 2 percent of the hire 's annual salary per month for their first ten months of employment . The platform is currently available on an invite only basis ( you can request one ) for tech , sales and marketing roles in London and key US cities . Hired claims to have 2,000 plus companies already using the platform . Hired has raised more than $ 100 million ( PS80 m ) in funding to date , including a $ 30 million extension to its Series C round in November 2016 led by Glenmede Trust and Ontario Pension Board . Silicon Valley startup Gild has been steadily building a database of tens of millions of professionals which incorporates data from across the internet . This includes social media output and GitHub code contributions , so the platform can build up as full a picture of candidates as possible . Gild even has its own CRM ( Candidate Relationship Management ) platform for recruiters to pool and keep track of candidates , and automate time - consuming admin skills . Gild utilises this data driven approach and identifies ideal candidates for openings and applies expertise and demand ratings , as well as predictive analytics , to speed up the recruitment process . Gild already counts BuzzFeed , Facebook , HBO and Microsoft as customers and completed its Series B funding round back in June 2014 to the tune of $ 13.5 million ( PS9.5 million ) , led by Menlo Ventures . Krishan Meetoo , along with his co - founder Carl Dawson , set up Proversity to provide a learning and development environment " across the employee lifecycle , from attracting talent through to on boarding them by providing the professional and soft skills they need for the role . So try before you buy with candidates , " Meetoo said . London - based Proversity is working in the corporate learning space , providing an on - demand mobile platform that brings employee attraction , recruitment and retention into one place . Candidates are given a structured learning programme , with each course being designed on a bespoke basis depending on the employer needs . Content can range from text , photos , motion graphics , video walkthroughs and various forms of assessment , from essays to simple check boxes . Proversity raised $ 1.6 million ( PS1 million ) in investment from Czech Republic fund RSBC Venture Capital in November 2015 and is planning a PS5 - 8 million Series A round this year as it expands into the USA , Middle East and ASEAN markets . It has already worked with Network Rail and the Bank of England to attract and train new employees . Co - founders Alex Hanson - Smith and Matt de la Hey were both working in hospitality during the summer away from University when the idea for Inploi started to germinate . Hanson - Smith told Techworld : " Finding work was way too hard . We were walking around with hard copies of CVs , looking for signs in windows . Or you would have to go to an agency and wait three weeks for a training day . The frustration of that process - in the age of Uber and Deliveroo - made it dawn on us that this was an inefficient marketplace . " Instead of posting to job boards or using agencies , Inploi allows employers to engage with interested workers direct on their platform . By integrating messaging ( built on Firebase ) and payments platforms ( built on Stripe Connect ) within the app itself , small to medium sized employers can simplify their hiring processes for short and part time workers . Posting a job is free and Inploi adds a ten percent service charge to employers for any wages paid on their platform for short term work . For longer term work , the company charges depending on the number of employees a company connects with , which is free up to five and then on a sliding scale starting at PS100 a month for nine connections . Inploi came out of Beta in December 2016 and is available on web , iOS and Android . It already counts 280 employers signed up , including Michelin - starred Alyn Williams at the Westbury , the Corbin and King group and Edwardian Hotels . Inploi has been funded from angel investors , friends and family so far , with the startup looking for a " substantial " funding round to expand beyond London this year . Saberr works by surveying potential hires and existing staff and applies an algorithm to define a ' resonance score ' which the startup claims can predict how well a team will work together . Saberr 's survey concentrates on deep values rather than shared interests to define if a candidate is a good fit for your company culture . Managers will then receive a breakdown of compatibility scores ranging from 0 - 100 ( 100 being the most compatible ) for each co - worker so that better teams can be formed . This approach is naturally appealing to startups that have inherently small teams but enterprise customers like Capco and Coca Cola have been testing the Saberr platform to predict team performance . In terms of funding , founder Alistair Shepherd told Techworld.com : " For us it does n't make sense to take VC capital , " he says . " There 's lots of interest but we are making the conscious decision not to take it . " However , in April 2016 the startup took a PS1 million funding round led by Angel CoFund . This early - stage startup was one of the 25 companies to pitch at Entrepreneur First 's massive Demo Day in March 2016 . Quantize is looking to apply machine learning to online CVs to identify applicants ' hard and soft skills and match them to existing top - performers within the organisation , in the hope of predicting future success . How it works in practice is Quantize will come in and set your organisation up with an account manager before plugging your applicant tracking system ( ATS ) and existing performance data into an API which , using Quantize 's algorithm , scores and prioritises potential candidates according to measures like selection likelihood , turnover likelihood and performance forecasts via a dashboard . Having just pitched at the EF demo day Quantize is still in the seed - funding stage , but looks to have a fully functioning product which is just waiting for investment and customers . Co - founder and ex - Harvard and LinkedIn alum Khary Francis claims to already be piloting with a multi - national recruitment agency which counts Tesco as a client . Debut is a native mobile app aimed at connecting students with graduate scheme , internship and job opportunities in their field . Conversely employers are able to search through and cherry pick from a list of potential candidates . Debut also pulls in employer - sponsored games that can lead to internships , as well as a wealth of documentation and employment hints and tips . Simply download the app and build a profile ( personal details , important causes , exam results , degree ) and start browsing jobs by sector , salary , role and location . Employers can then contact candidates through the ' talent spots ' messenger tab . Employers listed on the Debut banner already include Barclays , BT , Credit Suisse , Microsoft and Google . Founded by two software engineers in 2008 , Vivek Ravisankar and Hari Karunanidhi wanted to be spending more time on code and less time interviewing engineers . Plus they noticed that the traditional CV - to - interview recruitment model just did n't work for finding great programmers . SP The result was a set of CodeChallenges , which eventually became the backbone for HackerRank , an online portal for delivering online tests which help find the best coders by placing them in real - world situations . This allows companies to hire developers on technical skill and merit rather than how well they promote themselves . HackerRank also doubles up as a portal for skills challenges so that developers can hone their skills whenever they want . HackerRank has raised just short of $ 20 million in funding so far , and lists tech giants Facebook and Airbnb as customers . Talent Rank is an online learning and development ( L&D ) environment . The platform wants to make candidate assessment smarter and more engaging by building bite - size online challenges that identify core competencies beyond CVs and interviews . Founder Arjun Hassard told Techworld.com that Talent Rank is very much inspired by US - based Hacker Rank , except : " They are coder first and we are analyst , or candidate , first . " " There 's a paradigm shift here from passively trying to absorb insight on the candidate to conscious volunteering of information through engaging programmes , tournaments or internships . So you 're not trying to paint a picture based on their personal life , you are getting them into an environment where they can develop and exhibit certain competencies that you care about . " Talent Rank is still in the pre - launch phase and is running closed trials with specific partners . The London - based startup has been predominantly funded by friends , family and a fair amount of bootstrapping so far . Talent Rank is attracting lots of interest in the London startup scene and from major employers in key verticals though , according to Hassard , and has moved into Accenture 's 2016 fintech Innovation Lab .
SA 's first ' lay - by ' travel startup , FOMO has recently announced a partnership with the Singer Group 's Embassy Travel through one of their partner groups , Amazing Holidays . Amazing Holidays is the leisure division of Embassy Travel and is the Singer Group 's online travel agency . Embassy Travel is also the founding shareholder of XL Travel , one of SA 's largest travel consortiums . This gives FOMO Travel access to major buying power , translating into competitive rates , it was claimed in a press release to Ventureburn . " This is a very exciting era for both Amazing Holidays and FOMO Travel . The Singer Group has been on a growth trajectory for over 20 years now , and this will be our first foray into the fintech space , " said CEO of the Singer Group , Brian Singer in the release . " With FOMO Travel 's technology and the Singer Group 's decades of travel experience , it is a perfect partnership to ensure the success of this new venture -- a venture which is set to disrupt the way travel has traditionally been sold , " Singer continued . The initial meeting between FOMO 's founder , Andrew Katzwinkel and the MD of the Singer Group , Lee - Ann Singer , came about when Vuyisa Qabaka , a renowned startup mentor and connector , brought the two together . Qabaka is also credited for facilitating and navigating the relationship which led to the partner agreement , now sitting on the FOMO board . " Vuyisa has brought a huge amount of value to the business . He got me into RISE and he 's been a great mentor to me . He kept me going through some very uneasy times and is a great sounding board , " said Katzwinkel . " Holidays -- with family or friends -- are an essential ingredient to balance our fast - paced lives . We all need some downtime . With current payment models , the majority of South Africans regrettably can not afford to pay the full amount upfront for holidays which in turn deters the keen traveller from ever going on their dream holiday , " said Lee - Anne Singer . " FOMO Travel 's unique lay - by payment solution addresses this problem -- and opens the world of travel to millions of people previously excluded . No credit checks and zero interest is payable , " Lee - Ann Singer concluded . Featured image : Fdecomite via Flickr SP
Zapier cofounders , right to left : Wade Foster , Bryan Helmig , and Mike Knoop , circa 2012 . Zapier Back in March , a company called Zapier made headlines when it announced it would pay $ 10,000 in moving expenses for new employees to leave the expensive San Francisco Bay Area -- the opposite of how it usually works . Now , Zapier CEO Wade Foster tells Business Insider , this " de - location " offer garnered Zapier 1,167 job applications in 10 days , a 32% increase from their normal rate . ( He also says that " Zapier " rhymes with " happier , " in case you were wondering . ) In general , Foster says , the de - location idea is just an extension of what makes Zapier so great : The company 's 85-person team all works remotely from their homes all across the globe . You do n't need to live in San Francisco to be a tech genius , or New York , or Austin , so why should you live anywhere if you do n't want to ? It helps with recruiting , Foster says , since candidates do n't have to be in any one city to be considered for a position , and it keeps employees happy and productive by letting them live where and how they 'd like -- especially since they can draw a Silicon Valley salary without having to live somewhere with sky - high rent . A map showing where around the world Zapier employees live and work . Zapier " For us , it 's more about letting [ employees ] set up the life they want , " says Foster . " There 's massive amounts of smart people all over the world . " That philosophy has led Zapier , a tool for integrating business software together , to some success . Foster tells Business Insider that Zapier is on a $ 20 million annualized run rate , a measure of how much revenue it expects to generate in a year . Furthermore , he says , Zapier has been profitable since 2014 , after taking a relatively meager $ 1.3 million back in 2012 . And today , Zapier is introducing a new product for businesses to keep it going . Zapier started back in 2011 as a side hustle -- Foster and his cofounders Mike Knoop and Bryan Helmig worked on it nights and weekends . Knoop and Helmig met because , at the time , they were the only people on HackerNews from Columbus , Missouri ; Helmig and Foster met when they were in a Jazz quartet together . A few months in , and the team had enough users and revenue to get accepted into Silicon Valley 's famed Y Combinator startup mentorship program , and moved to California . The Zapier team meets in Texas for their 2017 team offsite . Zapier While the three cofounders ended up settling in the San Francisco Bay Area , they decided not to open a formal office , but instead go the " all - remote " route . The idea was to streamline the business as much as possible in the early days , and the idea stuck . Foster says that this philosophy has also helped keep the company focused : With only that $ 1.3 million in funding under its belt , Zapier has never given up control to outside investors , which helps the company stay focused on what it does best . " When you raise money , there 's a tendency to try to be everything to everybody , " says Foster . What Zapier actually does is help connect one piece of software or a web service to another . For instance , to use a Zapier example , you could have every single e - mail attachment from Gmail copied into your Dropbox , and then alert you in Slack that you have a new file to review . It 's similar to the popular IFTTT service , but with more of a focus on work software , and Foster says that there are over 800 pieces of software that you can " zap " together from Zapier . That includes Facebook Pages , Microsoft Office 365 , and GitHub . The new Zapier for Teams makes it easier to use the service as , well , part of a team . If you come up with a killer workflow -- say , to automatically e - mail every new hire all their new paperwork , while simultaneously sending a welcome message in Slack -- you can share it with your coworkers . Example Zapier " Zap " integrations Zapier Zapier is in the right place at the right time , Foster says , because the Silicon Valley tech boom has led to a whole range of startups making software that 's hyper - specialized for different departments and job functions . Zapier presents a way to manage the chaos and have all those disparate tools work with each other . " The cost of starting companies is going down , " says Foster . " It 's easier than ever to target a specific vertical . " And with so many apps , and so much software , coming to the workplace , Foster says that Zapier is a great way for products to find customers , and for customers to find products . " It 's kind of a no - brainer for companies to hook into Zapier , " says Foster .
In recent years , there has been an increase in celebrity investing of tech startups . Although official statistics are hard to come by , as a group , these investors are putting in tens of millions of dollars to work each year . From Hollywood stars to professional athletes , market participants have included Ashton Kutscher , Leonardo DiCaprio , Lebron James and Shaquille O'Neill . There have also been tech startup investments made companies that are involved in the production of entertainment , like Disney , Comcast , WME Ventures and CAA . SP A question I often hear from entrepreneurs is whether taking in such money really provides any additional value ? In the past several years , I have been fortunate enough to get a front - line view on this very topic as I have been active in startups which have received investments from a range of performers and public figures such as Beyonce , Troy Carter , Carmelo Anthony and Barbara Corcoran . Given the choice , private companies that can secure celebrity capital can benefit in five ways . By definition , many celebrities have prominent public profiles and substantial social media followings that can number in the millions ( Ronaldo has 48MM Twitter followers alone ) . Generally speaking , when they disclose an investment , it tends to get covered in the business and tech press . This can help a startup that 's trying to make a name for itself gain market recognition and provide PR value that would be expensive or difficult to achieve otherwise . Such heightened awareness tends to get noticed by many of the company 's important stakeholders , including potential business partners , customers , investors and employees . If a celebrity investor is perceived as strategic , his or her involvement can also help a company close its round , either by helping lure other celebrity investors ( as they say , birds of a feather flock together ) or financial investors . Even if the strategic value of the investor is not obvious , do n't underestimate the drawing power a celebrity investor has with potential co - investors who 'd like to get a seat at the table , and who want to chat up the fact that they have co - invested with Bono or Ashton Kutcher . While it likely wo n't SP help them get tickets to a concert or a dinner party invitation , it can help bolster their profile in the investment community by increasing their " cool factor " . SP Since many of these types of investors generate tons of media impressions and have a social network that tends to be made up of other influencers , they can be helpful in terms of opening up doors to folks in your industry . Imagine a sports drink or the latest social networking or communication app that have mass appeal . Many celebrity investors , and their business managers , have access to television networks , advertisers , agencies and other business organizations that they regularly interact with . For the right company , these relationships can open up new doors or may even help accelerate discussions . SP Many celebrities invest in consumer products or tech because this is what they 're familiar with the most , and it 's an area where they can have real impact . If your company sells a product to consumers , a celebrity can help drive bursts of traffic to your web and mobile sites . This can drive short - term sales and be good for SEO and the collection of consumer information , like email addresses . Entrepreneurs should understand that the organic reach that this can provide is not a substitute for a sustainable and effective marketing strategy . But it does tend to yield consumer interactions that should be capitalized upon . It may be a bit more subtle , but an investment by an individual or firm that is widely recognized can also boost employee morale . In addition to serving as another form of validation , it provides a sense of momentum that sometimes can make employees feel like they are part of something special . The more the celebrity associates him or herself with the product , the stronger the affinity that employees may feel . Although this will not offset deeply - rooted problems with company culture or morale , it can provide a timely , albeit temporary , rallying point for staff . So , if you are in the hunt for capital , and spark interest from a celebrity investor , once the flattery wears off , keep in mind the different ways their involvement can help your business hit a new chord . Arie Abecassis is a startup entrepreneur and investor based in New York City . He is a guest instructor at General Assembly and actively serves as an advisor or board member to a variety of tech startups including SeatGeek , Adaptly and Bizne ...
Marry AI with mobile commerce and what you get is a huge competitive advantage . Join the latest VB Live event to learn why that is , where to start , and how to get your C - suite on board -- plus get an insider 's look at the top insights from the latest Bot Insight consumer study . Register here for free . " A lot of times you think of AI commerce and conversational commerce as one and the same , " says Jonathan Jarvis , CEO of Token , the end - to - end gift - giving service powered by machine learning . " But I actually think there 's a huge role to play for AI and machine learning in commerce outside of a messaging interface or messaging apps . " The first wave of assisted commerce has been laser - focused on conversational commerce in messaging interfaces , Jarvis points out . " Because everyone 's spending their time in messaging apps , it seemed to make a lot of sense to build in commerce functionality in that way , " he says . " There are some use cases where that 's really good , but it 's surprising is how many use cases there are where it 's really difficult [ using ] that model . " He points to the rise of the AI - powered assistant landscape : consumers have basic assistants at their fingertips , with Siri on iOS , Google on Android , and even Cortana on Microsoft . " My thesis is that you 'll have a whole team of specialized services and assistants that your general assistant can broker relationships with , " Jarvis says , which you already start to see with assistants like Alexa , which can queue up your Spotify playlists or check your fantasy football league on Yahoo . " So you can imagine having your general assistant , and then specialized assistants for everything from getting food delivered to you , to transporting you somewhere , to getting a gift delivered for you , " he says . " We ' ve identified that as an emerging landscape at Token , and we want to own a vertical , essentially , and be the best at that . " But he notes that it is intensely difficult to build an assistant that works reliably without a specialization . " What you find is that your AI is as good as the data set that you have , and it 's really hard to create good data sets when you have really really varied use cases , " says Jarvis . " My main piece of advice would be to find a really focused use case where it 's really appropriate to use it , and then have the discipline to remain focused with it . " " You 'd be surprised at how focused you can get , " he adds , " and you 'd probably get more bang for your buck if you 're doing smaller , more focused things with it . " For more on how AI can revolutionize scale in commerce , how to build out powerful , cost - effective machine learning platforms , and more , do n't miss this VB Live event ! Do n't miss out ! Register here for free . In this VB Live event , you 'll : Speakers :
Just ask anyone , anywhere , ever , and they 'll tell you : Buying and selling homes is a risky business . But help 's supposedly on the way , in the form of yet another attempt at disrupting a business ostensibly in desperate need of a paradigm shift . SP At least , if you ask the people behind the startup . That 's what the people at Nested , a London - based endeavor , are thinking . Nested guarantees it 'll sell your house within 90 days ( at 95 to 98 percent of market value ) , or offer you a cash advance against the sale . Now , it 's raised EUR8 million euro ( $ 8.6 million USD ) to do so , bringing its total funding to EUR11 million , TechCrunch reported . SP SEE ALSO : You will soon be able to pay for Netflix using Paytm TechCrunch compares Nested 's basic operational purview as that of a real estate agent , enhanced by technology . What 's in it for Nested ? If they score a higher sale price than what 's agreed upon , it 'll take 30 percent of the difference , and give the rest to the property owner . SP Again , it 's a lot of risk , and Nested is far from the only player . Opendoor , a startup with a similar mission ( but based in San Francisco ) raised $ 210 million in a Series D round in November . That brings its total funding up to $ 320 million . SP But Nested and its founders remain confident . They ' ve helped five sellers a month so far . Their next goals , according to TechCrunch , are to hit 100 deals per month , and not too long after that , 1,000 per month . SP
Lumen Learning CEO Kim Thanos . Photo via Lumen Learning . SP Portland - based Lumen Learning today announced a $ 3.75 million Series A investment round and a new partnership with Follett to expand the distribution of its open digital education course materials . Follett , which manages course materials delivery for more than 1,200 college and universities , participated in the Series A round , as did previous investors Portland Seed Fund and Seattle - based Alliance of Angels . Total funding for the 5-year - old company is $ 6.3 million to date . Founded in 2012 by Kim Thanos and David Wiley , Lumen Learning helps students at more than 100 institutions save on traditional textbook costs by offering open education resources ( OER ) for popular college courses . OER are available under public domain or have been released under a copyright license and include full courses , course materials , videos , tests , and more . Now Lumen Learning 's courseware will be available to students attending schools that work with Follett to distribute course material . Students pay a Lumen support fee of $ 10-$25 via the campus bookstore to access the customizable courseware , which can be integrated into a school 's existing learning management system . Lumen Learning takes advantage of the millions of dollars that government , foundations , and other educational organizations have invested in OER and designs its own low - cost learning materials . " Working in the higher education market , our secret sauce is being a mission - driven organization filled with people -- many of them from the academic world -- who are passionate about improving learning and offering affordable access to education for all students , " Lumen Learning CEO Kim Thanos told GeekWire . " This means we 're committed to developing products that actually improve learning , and that work effectively in real classrooms filled with students and teachers struggling with real - world problems : lack of time , tight funding , competing priorities , under - preparation for the college environment , and so forth . " Lumen Learning was previously a grantee in the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 's Next Generation Learning Challenge and Next Generation Courseware Challenge programs . The company employs 28 people .
Each week , Tech . Co searches the web to uncover interesting new companies across all sectors . This week in our Startup Spotlight , we ' ve uncovered startups that are helping families check off their to do lists , fitness classes at a discount price , emerging technology in VR , and more . This week 's Startup Spotlight is brought to you by The Hoth , an SEO & Content Company . Finding babysitters for your kids is an ongoing task for a parent , and when there 's an urgent need sometimes your regular girl is n't available , then what do you do ? Zipsit to the rescue . This Phoenix - based startup is a comprehensive rating system that helps parents choose from hundreds of quality babysitters in your area that your friend 's also use . Users can connect with sitters and grow their circle with feedback from other parents ' reviews . Users develop a personal network of sitters called the " Sitter Circle " and when there is a need , then it can work as a babysitter on - demand system . Also , users wo n't need to run to the ATM to pay their sitter as the transactions can be completed in - app . SP Virtual reality is becoming more consumer - friendly and with it comes the need for higher quality video resolution and transmission to reduce latency . VR UniBlock addresses this need and developed a wireless system for transmitting 4k/120Hz video with a delay of up to 3ms . Founded by Askar Khamidov , the VR UniBlock algorithm enables the swift transmission of any data without impacting resolution or latency . This new patent - pending technology has an unlimited potential for transmitting any amount of data without limit but to a closed indoor space , without tethers or any noticeable delay . Originally , VR UniBlock team invented a sensor system for transmitting data but the team pivoted when they realized a huge market need for a better way to transmit video for virtual reality tech . SP Image : Flickr For those looking for a last - minute fitness class or want to try a different type of workout , Opensweat a Los Angeles - based startup , can help you find what you want on - demand for less . Think of it as the HotelsTonight app for fitness where you can find fitness options at the last minute . Users can scroll through the app to find a variety of classes and services and book the class for a discounted fee . SP For parents that are staring down college applications with their child , compiling their activities and extracurricular into one place is time consuming . MePlusMore is a Phoenix - based startup that can help students create a timeline of their accomplishments to be used as a competitive advantage when applying for colleges and scholarships . The app uses a student 's electronic calendar to capture nontraditional activities , hobbies , skills as well as photos , awards , etc . to create a personal eNarrative . While changing air filters in your home is a pain , it can save you money . But when it 's time to change them out , more often than not you do n't have a backup or the right size . Time to check that task off the list as this Raleigh - based startup FilterEasy will deliver air filters to your door when you need them . The process is meant to be easy : users can select the number of filters , the type of filter grade , the sizes they want , click , and done . SP To create a space where Cannabis businesses can advertise to their users and other vendors , Chicago - based startup Kannatopia developed a social platform where they can reach their audience with targeted advertising without the concern of getting shut down . On the flip side , users must be 21 + to access the platform , and are able to connect with other medical and recreational cannabists through an interactive map , as well as track products , provide reviews and discuss cannabis freely without the concern of social and professional backlash . To date they have over 1,000 subscribed users for public beta . Read more about startups here at Tech . Co . This is our new , premium Weekly Spotlight Announcement Series . Learn more about how your company or crowdfunding project can be included and reach thousands of readers around the country , including influencers , investors and more .
Nothing beats a good night of pub trivia , except maybe testing your knowledge through an app , in your own time , without having to look at your opponent . SP So , of course , there 's no shortage of trivia apps in the market , but Perth 's QuizJam , created by startup Gravy Gaming , is trying its hand by creating a consumer platform and an enterprise platform side by side . SP Cofounded by Joel Steel and Glenn Morton , the startup sought to go beyond the consumer market early , creating a QuizJam for Teams platform for organisations . SP Steel explained , " QuizJam for Teams enables an organisation to seamlessly build its own trivia tournaments and gamified surveys within a white - labelled private portal which only its employees can access . Employees are incentivised to play and collect badges , climb the leaderboards and take on their fellow employees to earn in - app currency which they will soon be able to trade for prizes . " SP The platform was first born as QuizAid , with the idea first revolving around working with charities and other not - for - profits to raise awareness and funds for their cause . SP However , Steel said after feedback from Apple regarding its donation guidelines , the startup decided to pivot , with a view to coming back to help charities once it 's more established and " can navigate a way around the red tape " . SP After putting aside the QuizAid idea , Steel said that for QuizJam for Teams came after lengthy discussions with different organisations . Common themes arose around leaders wanting to find a fun and engaging way to " connect the dots " with employees regarding training , learning , and development . SP " Specific research showed us that 70 percent of all training delivered is forgotten the day after being undertaken , meaning that there 's a significant amount of work that needs to be addressed in regards to retention and the strategy around it , " Steel said . An organisation signing up can log onto the customer portal and easily create a trivia tournament or survey , then push it out to employees through in - app notifications or by sending the relevant team a six - digit code they can use to play that specific tournament . SP " Our target market is innovative , forward - thinking organisations with over 100 employees . Ideally they would be geographically spread , as the QuizJam platform can help bring teams together and help improve company culture and team building , " Steel said . SP While the Commonwealth Bank recently completed a trial of QuizJam for Teams , the startup 's biggest market so far is the building and construction industry , where QuizJam for Teams is being used to increase engagement and training retention around health and safety , Steel said . SP Looking at the QuizJam Classic , or consumer , product , after downloading the app a user can sign on and start competing in global tournaments , answering blocks of questions at their own pace . Points are awarded for speed and accuracy , with players receiving badges for various achievements . SP Players can buy ' assists ' - getting another go at a question they got wrong , getting an extra three seconds on the clock to answer a question , or getting a 50/50 shot at an answer . SP According to Steel , the app has amassed 28,000 users and 38,000 questions so far . Brands able to create or sponsor specific tournaments , with the likes of the West Coast Eagles looking at tournaments as a way to boost fan engagement . SP To further its growth , QuizJam joined the Plus Eight accelerator in Perth after meeting its entrepreneur in residence , Tim Brewer in San Francisco a few months ago . SP " We have already got so much out of the accelerator , including an increased level of focus as being surrounded by like - minded people who are all striving to go 10 percent faster every week can only bring positive outcomes . We ' ve also been introduced to world - class mentors and education programs which we would never get access to in Perth , or Australia for that matter , " Steel said . The startup recently brought on Gary Walker , cofounder of Fetch TV , as non - executive director . It also last month partnered with the Australian arm of global IQ society Mensa to create a ' Mensa vs the World ' tournament . SP Geoff Russell , Australian Recruiting Officer at Mensa , said the QuizJam platform allows the organisation to both fulfil key criteria and encourage high - level thinking among thousands of " undiscovered intellectuals " . SP " The public can measure themselves and be encouraged to push their minds . It 's a win - win , " Russell said . " We have high hopes that the QuizJam model can reach out and stimulate the minds of thousands of people who would otherwise not consider joining Mensa . There are vast numbers of people who have no idea how good they are , or could be . " There 's no shortage of trivia apps out there , or even survey or employee training and engagement platforms for organisations , however Steel believes " no one is doing what we are doing and offering the ease of implementation , gamification and minimal barriers to entry like we do " . Having raised $ 900,000 in funding to date , the startup is looking to raise a further $ 1.2 million to put its whole focus into growing the QuizJam for Teams business . Its goal , Steel said , is to reach $ 1 million in annual recurring revenue by the end of the 2017/18 financial year . SP
At the EIT Digital Challenge 2016 , which ended in December of 2016 , startups were granted access to EIT Digital 's innovation network and the chance to join the EIT Digital Accelerator . The category winners also had the chance to win a cash prize of up to EUR50,000 . From a total of 234 entries from 25 EU countries , EIT Digital awarded and announced the best 16 companies last month . The Munich - based IoT startup ProGlove was one of the winners of the category " Digital Industry " . ProGlove develops smart gloves that enhance workers ' most important tools : their hands . Sensors and scanners embedded in the gloves enable manufacturing and logistics staff to work faster and more safely . The system alerts workers immediately to operational errors and allows the automatic recording of workflow and process compliance data . In 2016 , the Internet of Things startup ProGlove successfully closed a Series A funding round of $ 2.2 million to grow the team and to successfully launch its product . This week we touched base with the ProGlove founder Paul Gunther ( the guy on the left ; picture above ) to learn more about the IoT startup and its future plans . Enjoy the interview : How did you ( or your co - founders ) come up with the idea for ProGlove and how did it all start ? During my studies I worked as a tour guide in BMW 's Munich plant . By walking everyday through the plant I was able to get a deeper understanding of automotive production . I learned two things : It is all about efficiency , every second saved is a major success . And everyone was wearing gloves for protection . When we later thought about wearables the first thing that came to my mind was the automotive industry . Let 's make a glove smart ! It could improve efficiency and everyone is used to gloves already . By improving the daily tasks of thousands on the shopfloor it would prove much more useful than any consumer wearable like fitness trackers . What were the main stumbling blocks within the first two years and what would you do differently from today 's perspective ? We thought too early that we have a product / market fit and started developing a much too complex product . We then realized that with something much simpler we can solve the same problems of our customers . Another hurdle we had to overcome was the first venture round . Investors in Germany seem to prefer software over hardware startups . In May 2016 we found the perfect mix of German and US investors and closed our first venture round with Intel Capital , Bayern Kapital and Gettylab . SP What is ProGlove 's unique value proposition that sets it apart from its competitors ? ProGlove helps the customer to handle work more efficient and with a higher process quality , thanks to new data points . Our customers see ProGlove as a comprehensive solution for the instant start of Industry 4.0 . What are the next steps and future plans for ProGlove ? We think that nevertheless how many automatic processes you put in , workers are still the most crucial part of the industrial process . Our devices can be the connection point between the human workforce and digitized processes . Therefore we are looking into all kind of technology on top of barcode scanning for our next product . A logical step would be a display unit to provide more information for the worker e.g. for tasks in the warehouse . How is your experience with Munich as a location to start a company ? We had a lot of discussion if we should move part of the team to the US in the beginning . We stayed in Munich and we never regretted it . We got a lot of help from UnternehmerTUM with its Techfounders Accelerator . There is also all the manufacturing for our prototypes and the final product in Munich . This helped us a lot getting the first batch into production - if there is a problem we can be there within 30 minutes . Furthermore we have a lot of talent in Munich and we can learn from other local hardware startups like tado . What is it like working at ProGlove ? The most important value we have in our team is humor . It makes everything way easier . Once we got complaints from a neighbor because our embedded developer was laughing so loud . We are currently looking for Engineers , Developers , Designers , Sales guys and Interns to join our team .
AppZocial co - founders James Sun and Ben Liu . ( AppZocial Photos ) SP AppZocial , a Seattle startup that builds native apps for " trusted communities , " like alumni groups , churches , and non - profits , just secured $ 1 million in angel financing . The majority of the cash will support a new partnership with Blackbaud , a South Carolina - based company that makes software for the kinds of groups AppZocial already caters to . Under the agreement , AppZocial will build native apps for Blackbaud customers and data from those apps will be integrated into the Blackbaud CRM . " Blackbaud 's a pure integration and distribution space for us , " said AppZocial CEO James Sun . " They 're the gorilla of that industry and so if they say that this is a good solution , what tends to happen is all these organizations listen to them . " Sun is a University of Washington grad and serial entrepreneur . Before AppZocial , he founded restaurant deals startup Pirq and led it through an acquisition by iPayment in 2014 . But Sun is probably best - known as a finalist on President Trump 's former reality show " The Apprentice . " While he was running Pirq , Sun invested in a seed round for Anomo , a dating app founded by Ben Liu . It proved to be a promising business relationship ; the two went on to co - found AppZocial together . AppZocial employs 11 out of its downtown Seattle headquarters . The startup will still continue building custom apps for clients outside the Blackbaud network . Sun declined to name the angel investor backing the new company . " Overall it 's the trend that mobile apps have been very , very prevalent for consumers and so the consumer expectation of their experience is extremely high because they 're used to Snapchat , Facebook , Twitter , " said Sun . " A lot of these traditional organizations , like higher ed , non - profits , associations , they do n't have the budget , nor do they have the experience , to deliver consumer - expected experiences that are at the high level that 's out there today . That 's one of the things that 's driving our business . "
Samsung NEXT -- formerly Samsung Global Innovation Center -- announced at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) the creation of the Samsung NEXT Fund , a $ 150 m venture capital investment fund , to increase Samsung 's global support of early stage startups pursuing advanced software and services innovation . SP The fund enables Samsung NEXT to build upon its multi - stage global innovation platform to empower tech entrepreneurs with funding , resources and deep - domain expertise . " We see software and services becoming a core part of Samsung Electronics ' DNA , and startups are key to achieving this vision , " said David Eun , president and founder of Samsung NEXT . " Samsung continues to embrace entrepreneurship at all levels and this Fund shows our unwavering commitment to support great startups worldwide . " The fund targets pre - Seed to Series B investments with a focus on virtual reality , artificial intelligence , IoT and other new frontier technologies . Companies that have received capital from the Fund so far include : Converge Industries , Dashbot , Entry Point VR , Filament , Intezer , LiquidSky , Otto Radio , 2Sens , SafeDK and Virtru . Brendon Kim , VP and Managing Director of Samsung NEXT Ventures , added , " Our investments bring the power of the Samsung platform to startups to accelerate their growth and ultimately their success . The Samsung NEXT Fund expands our global reach and capabilities , while increasing Samsung 's access to more great ideas , products and talent . " In September last year , Samsung NEXT launched its newest office in Tel Aviv . The new location is the fifth for the organization , which currently has teams in Mountain View , New York , San Francisco and Korea . Samsung NEXT will open additional locations in 2017 . " We 're very passionate about partnering with startups and developing meaningful relationships in startup ecosystems around the world , " said Emily Becher , Managing Director of Samsung NEXT Start and head of Samsung NEXT 's international expansion . " We leverage local experts to fuel traction and drive scale for startups right where they are . " To coincide with Samsung NEXT 's international expansion and launch of the fund , the company has initiated its first major rebrand effort which includes the renaming of its organization to Samsung NEXT and the release of a new logo and website . With the rebrand , the company 's goal is to simplify its identity and clarify its message and mission . SP
Startup lust is everywhere and in the same vein as bathroom mould , it ca n't just be ignored forever . In the interest of sustaining a metaphor - insipid , green greed is growing , packaged as an opportunity to innovate and disrupt . Facebook groups are filled with wanna - be founders who , like digital gangsters , hold the blogosphere ransom with hollow buzzwords and self - congratulatory promotion in their desperate search to scale and get traction . There 's a sudden influx of overnight millionaires promising to add zeros to your bottom line by following them like a moronic messiah . They are germinating in a contagious sprouting of insincere intentions . If you 're a passionless , lazy wantrepreneur who gets turned on by the stink of money then do n't read on ; there are no one - liners you can hashtag . Incubators are serving as wellness retreats for wantrepreneurs . They ' ve become temples where over - ambitious , under - experienced founders salivate over success and celebrate debt like it 's their saviour . Even though raising $ 25 million of other people 's money sounds like something to celebrate , in most cases it 's not . Debt is not a celebrity , you do n't want a selfie with it . Change the word ' raise ' to ' dig ' and you ' ve got a more statistically accurate picture of the reality . Before this begins to resemble a wrathful scorn of a jilted - lover , let 's set the record straight . I ' m not saying do n't start something . I ' m saying , start something that solves something and if the something that you 're trying to solve is your own greed , then disrupt yourself . It seems like , to be a founder in 2017 , you not only need a unicorn - worthy idea , but a personal brand that heralds you as something of an entrepreneurial demigod . Obsession with our own digital reflection has peaked in a mindless amassing of ' followers ' and ' likes ' to prove our concept , but to who ? These shitty vanity metrics need to stop . ' Likes ' are not the foundation of innovation , they 're the one - click stands of validation . Having walked the gamut of entrepreneurship , I know what goes into building , scaling , and exiting a startup . I also know that when I read stories about founders raising yet another round at yet another absurd valuation , I ca n't be the only one calling ' bullshit . ' We all know the difference between revenue and profit but when on record , countless founders conveniently ignore the crater - sized dig - debt - hole that lurks in the shadows of their perfectly curated Instagram feeds . Turning over $ 10 million in your first year of business is impressive - but , if you burnt through $ 25 million to get there , then technically you lost more than you earned . This is not sustainable and more to the point , we need to stop celebrating it . There 's nothing heroic about shitty metrics . To shift our collective obsession with scale and redefine the metrics of success , something needs to change . To start , filter out the bullshit . Next time you interview a founder , ask less about revenue and more about about debt . It 's not about ' debt shaming , ' but cloaking debt in gallantry is deceptive and , quite frankly , a little bit shit . Instead of asking a founder which superfood helps them focus or what inspirational books they 're reading , ask real questions that command real answers . Try harder to find founders that fit less moulds and tick less boxes . Look further to less shiny outliers that buck trends , have no debt and have built something profitable and sustainable . Yes , it can take money to make money but I ca n't help but wonder whether scale is a dirty word and if the celebritisation of ' debt ' is creating opportunity where there is n't any . Do n't even get me started on the fail hard , fail fast rhetoric , because when it comes to founders honestly talking about the tipping point to bankruptcy , there seem to be no heroes*. There are , however , no shortage of stories about founders that have pulled themselves back from the brink to create capital - funded greatness . * Nikki Durkin 's very honest account is a refreshing exception .
Anthony Levandowski . Otto Uber is threatening to fire the engineer at the centre of its legal battle with Alphabet 's self - driving - car firm Waymo unless he hands over documents from his previous employer . Anthony Levandowski previously worked at Waymo , which is owned by Google 's parent company , Alphabet , to help develop autonomous vehicle tech . But he subsequently left to create his own self - driving - truck startup , Otto , which Uber acquired for $ 680 million . Alphabet and Waymo have accused Uber and Otto of stealing Waymo 's trade secrets and intellectual property and of infringing on patents related to lidar , a technology that autonomous vehicles use to " see . " Uber denies the allegations . Waymo is accusing Levandowski of downloading more than 14,000 files while working for the company in 2015 and taking them with him . But Levandowski is refusing to let the devices that might contain the files be searched , asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination . Uber has already demoted Levandowski and removed him from any work involving lidar systems at Uber . But after receiving a court order to return any documents taken from Waymo , Uber is threatening to fire Levandowski if he does not cooperate . " We understand that this letter requires you to turn over information wherever located , including but not limited to , your personal devices , and to waive any Fifth Amendment protection you may have , " Uber 's general counsel , Salle Yoo , wrote in a letter on Monday that was made public in a court filing Thursday . " While we have respected your personal liberties , it is our view that the Court 's Order requires us to make these demands of you . " She went on : " If you do not agree to comply with all of the requirements set forth herein , or if you fail to comply in a material manner , then Uber will take adverse employment action against you , which may include termination of your employment and such termination would be for Cause . " But Levandowski 's lawyers say the demand is unconstitutional . They wrote that court order forcing Uber to make the demand of him was " an act by the judicial branch of our federal government compelling an individual to choose between preserving his livelihood and preserving his constitutional rights . " They continued : " Nearly fifty years of Supreme Court precedent forbid the government from putting an individual to such an unconstitutionally coercive choice . " An Uber representative did not immediately comment when contacted by Business Insider . Judge William Alsup , who is overseeing the trial , has also previously referred the case to the US attorney 's office for a potential criminal investigation . The case comes at a critical time for Uber . The ride - hailing company is reeling from multiple scandals , including allegations of sexual harassment at the company , and numerous high - level executives have left in recent months . CEO Travis Kalanick is pinning the future of his company on its self - driving - car unit , and he has said failing to be first to develop the tech could pose an existential threat to Uber . " If we are not tied for first , then the person who is in first , or the entity that 's in first , then rolls out a ride - sharing network that is far cheaper or far higher - quality than Uber 's , then Uber is no longer a thing , " he said .
Back in 2016 , Techstars and Chase for Business teamed up to commission a survey covering 680 startup founders . The topic was the challenges faced by those building a diverse and inclusive company . On top of the report detailing their findings , Techstars and Chase for Business ran a panel at last week 's Tampa Bay Startup Week . The panel was aimed at one of the biggest discrepancies surrounding tech diversity that the survey uncovered : While 72 percent of founders stated that they believe building diversity in their companies is " very or extremely important , " just 23 percent of the respondents said that one benefit of a diverse staff is " improved financial performance . " The panel 's title , " Five Steps to Use to Diversity & Inclusion to Improve Your Bottom Line , " directly addressed this concern by emphasizing the financial benefits of a diverse , inclusive staff . Here 's a look at the report and what the expert panel had to say about it . It is widely known that , as a whole , the tech industry needs to lead the way in their efforts towards diversity and amplify their efforts . The report confirms that , just one in ten startups surveyed qualify as " diversity leaders , " a term for any businesses whose " practices and policies result in a technical staff that includes a minimum of five women or minorities . " Startup founders need to start by studying the phenomenon of racial differences rather than ignore it . One term used to ignore the status quo ? " Colorblindness . " Here 's what Rodney Sampson , Partner and Chairman of Tech Square Labs & Opportunity Ecosystem , said about this issue during the panel : " We want people to be color brave , not color blind . " The proper response is for a company to have an intentional focus on combating systemic issues and not sacrificing quality . " [ Be ] intentional about curating the team . We ca n't ignore the differentials that make us great as a society , " Sampson continued . Potential action areas include encouraging young girls to consider STEM careers , an idea suggested by panelist Joanne Persinger , the Senior Vice President of Information Technology at TechData . Currently , just 27 percent of workers at major STEM companies are women , and there are fewer women in computer science than there were in the 1980s . Rodney also emphasized the need for grants aimed at the retention of college students in STEM majors : " It 's one thing to get them into a computer science or engineering or IT degree in undergrad , but if in that first year they do n't have a support network , they pivot to business or they pivot to marketing . They really need to see what the industry looks like from the other side . Those are programs that you can plug into , " Rodney said . Finally , Erik Smith , Director of Cultural Competence and Inclusion at Valpak , suggested one simple way to be more inclusive : Question whether your company might be over - vetting women or people of color who apply . This survey 's results are perhaps the most essential for a newbie startup founder to understand , as they are the ones about to ramp up hiring . Rachelle Orbibio , Program Director at Techstars and the panel 's moderator , summed this up prior to the panel . Here 's her response to the question of how founders could intentionally develop a diverse culture as they expand their team : " Diversity enhances creativity , innovation , problem solving , and access to talent . These traits are important drivers of financial performance and startup success . As a starting point , founders should visit the microsite and read through the full report . There they 'll find data , resources , and actionable steps towards becoming diversity leaders . But more than that , it 's the right thing to do . [ ... ] If founders build teams with diversity in mind , they will create an inclusive culture from the very beginning . Issues of diversity and inclusion will be addressed organically . Doing it retroactively is much more difficult . " Establishing a diverse company culture is n't an artificial move : It 's a smart way to build a healthy bottom line . Image : WOCinTech This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series .
Tonight is the night ! The Miami Meetup + Pitch - off kicks off at 6 pm and this is your last chance to get in on the fun ! If you have no idea what I ' m talking about , then please let me explain : The Meetup + Pitch - off is a regional event we hold to get to know the local community . As part of the program , we 'll be joined on stage by ten startups . Each of these startups will have exactly 60 seconds to pitch their wares to a panel of esteemed judges , including local VCs and TC Editors . The first place winner will win a table in the Startup Alley at the upcoming TC Disrupt NY in May. Second place will get two tickets to the conference , and the Audience Choice winner will get one ticket to the show . But wait ! There 's more ! We will also be drawing business cards from a hat to include one extra startup in the pitch - off as a WILDCARD ! So even if you were n't pre - selected to participate in the pitch - off , you still have the chance to win and get some extra publicity for your product . But the only way to do that is to buy tickets ! Right here ! If you want to see a list of startups presenting tonight , you can find those here . And here is the info about our esteemed judges . Ca n't wait to see you tonight ! Sponsors make TechCrunch events possible . If you are interested in learning more about sponsorships with TechCrunch , shoot an email to sponsors@techcrunch.com .
The Socedo team . Photo via Socedo . SP Socedo is raising more cash to build out its platform that helps companies target sales leads from social media activity . The Seattle startup today announced a $ 1 million investment from TechStars Ventures , Vulcan Capital , Divergent Ventures and angel investors . Total funding in the 4-year - old company is $ 2.5 million . Socedo , a 2013 graduate of the Microsoft Windows Azure accelerator , helps clients like Microsoft , Lenovo , Google , Extreme Networks , and more than 170 other customers streamline the process of finding sales leads on social media . The company 's software combines real - time social media activity monitoring with profile data from sources like Twitter and LinkedIn . That information is then synced with a CRM or marketing platform like Salesforce or HubSpot . Socedo , which saw its revenue grow by 3X in 2016 , will use the fresh funding to hire more employees , develop its platform -- including its predictive intelligence software -- and build out integrations with marketing automation providers . The company is also expanding its platform to help marketers not only find new leads through social media activity , but revive existing ones , too . " With Socedo 's social intent data we can provide marketers with insights on which of those existing leads might be in - market and deserve an outreach , " explained Socedo CEO Aseem Badshah . " We can also provide the marketer an understanding of what content to send that lead based on the real - time interest signals they have shown . " Badshah , who founded Socedo in 2013 with Kevin Yu , said his company stays ahead of its competition by processing more relevant and real - time data about intent signals for potential sales leads . " Most intent data providers can only tell you when a prospect is consuming content on a website they track , " he said . " Socedo can provide insights when a prospect engages with a competitor or any other entity on a public social network like Twitter . " Socedo employs 25 people , nearly double from this time last year . SP
Looking to get into the South African startup scene or scratch up on some of your skills ? Well , you ' ve come to the right place . There are loads of competitions , networking sessions and workshops happening around South Africa and the rest of the continent ( namely Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana ) that we ' ve rounded up to make your life a bit easier . This article is part of a weekly series that highlights all the top startup competitions , networking sessions , workshops and conferences around South Africa , and the greater region . If you have any event recommendations for us to add to the list , or next week 's , please let us know in the comments below or send us an email . Not all of the events are free and some will require booking in advance . Please click on the event names to find out more information . Rise To The Challenge : Cyber Security Rise Cape Town , together with Jonathan Gill , Head of Cyber Security at Barclays Africa invite you to the next edition of Rise To The Challenge : Cyber Security . This month 's event will discuss topics such as fraud , authentication and enterprise security . Date : 22 March , 4:30pm to 6:30pm Location : Rise Cape Town , 5th Floor , Block B , Woodstock Exchange , 66 -68 Albert Road , Cape Town LaunchLab : Water and Waste Management Challenge We are in the middle of a water crisis and the migration to the Western Cape is not slowing down . With the increasing demand on our natural resources we need businesses that are addressing these most fundamental opportunities . We will be hosting a workshop to engage with the Stellenbosch entrepreneurial community on some of the details of the current opportunities in Stellenbosch in water and waste management . This workshop will take place at the Nedbank Stellenbosch University LaunchLab , and will also be broadcast live on the web . Date : 23 March , 3:00pm to 5:550pm Location : Nedbank Stellenbosch University LaunchLab , Stellenbosch Rise Water Hackathon Calling creatives , engineers , scientists , policymakers , date - nerds , water conservationists and backyard tinkerers to take part in a water hackathon . South Africa is one of the forerunners of extreme water stress globally . Let 's grab this window of opportunity to avert tragedy with our collective ingenuity . Date : 24 March , 3:00pm to 7:00pm ; 25 March , 9:00am to 6:00pm Location : Barclays Rise , Woodstock Business Networking Focusing on building long - term business relationships through word of mouth referrals . We are looking for professionals in selected industries to join us and were we tap into one another 's networks to grow each of our businesses . Date : 22 March , 7:00am to 8:30am Location : The Street Cafe ( Rosebank Union Church ) , 40 St Andrews Road Entrepreneurship in China . Meet the legends who have made it just like you ! In this workshop , we will continue expanding into the " one country two systems " reality of China with emphasis on Hong Kong as a springboard to Mainland China . The highlight of this session will be the introduction of two real case studies of foreign entrepreneurs living in Shanghai who have made it just like you ! We will discuss what it means to be a foreign entrepreneur in China and the costs involved in this journey . Date : 22 March , 7:30am to 9:30am Location : N / A Lean Coffee ! Lean Coffee is a format for interesting people to have interesting conversations . Note that ' Lean ' refers to the structure and not necessarily what we talk about . Date : 24 March , 7:30am Location : Father Coffee , The Zone , Rosebank Free 1 Day Workshop - Ignite Your Destiny ; Disrupt or Be Disrupted Your business or your career success is completely reliant on your ability to innovate and create . In the exponential times we live in , life is moving at such a rapid pace that if we are not innovating or creating WE WILL BE LEFT BEHIND , OUR LIFES WILL BE DISRUPTED . We all know this or have heard about how technology is taking over the world , Uber and airB&B , have disrupted the taxi and hotel industry already . How many industries has your cell phone disrupted ? When will the next technological innovation disrupt you and your industry ? Date : 25 March , 9:30am to 6:00pm Location : Impello , 139 Greenway , 3rd Floor , Randburg Sw7 host the " Meet the Geeks " braai - forthcoming GeeksOnaPlane is a trip organised by 500 Startups , one of the largest global technology accelerators that has launched out of Silicon Valley . The trip is aimed at connecting the ecosystem players with the emerging market innovation and startup ecosystems . The ' Geeks ' are investors , Venture Capitalists , funders , technology businesses and support partners looking to connect with the emerging markets with a view to doing business . Sw7 are hosting the Geeks on their Johannesburg leg and will be doing an ecosystem briefing session when they arrive and then hosting a braai at the new @Sw7 Workspace . Date : 28 - 29 March Location : N / A Open Panel Discussion Global Entrepreneurship Network in Myanmar is leading a delegation to the Global Entrepreneurship Congress 2017 in Johannesburg , South Africa and going to meet with entrepreneurs and startup ecosystem actors two of the hottest entrepreneurship hubs in Africa , Johannesburg , South Africa and Nairobi , Kenya . You are cordially invited to be part of the discussion next week on Monday from 1 pm -3 pm . The aim of the meetup will be to share insights from the Myanmar startup ecosystem and explore areas for collaboration . Date : 20 March , 1:00pm to 3:00pm Location : iHub , Senteu Plaza , 6th floor , Nairobi SME Fest 2017 | The Biggest SME Growth and Networking Festival in Africa SME Fest 2017 will be where the Africa 's SME world meets . A curated group of attendees will be gathering for two days of targeted business networking and growth opportunities . World - class speakers , business success experts , leading entrepreneurs , investors , media , Africa 's most promising SMEs and startups will come together for the most important Intra - African business gathering . Date : 21 - 22 March Location : KICC , Nairobi , Nairobi County , Kenya Silicon Yaba Townhall Meeting Growth Capital by CcHUB and 500 startups cordially invite you to the first edition of Silicon Yaba Townhall Meeting . This Townhall meeting is designed to focus on key essential areas to local ecosystem building : Infrastructure and Talent Growth . The Townhall meeting will feature panel discussions with Silicon Valley Insiders , Silicon Yaba Players and the tech ecosystem to discuss challenges , and share stories in overcoming the talent drought and poor access to infrastructure . The aim is to build an important bridge to foster key learnings exchange for both ecosystems , from which stronger bonds of understanding can be built . Date : 21 March , 11:45am to 2:00pm Location : Co - Creation Hub Nigeria , 294 Herbert Macaulay Rd , Lagos , Nigeria ACTIVATE 2017 - Digital Marketing Workshop for Business Startups and Owners Digital Marketing Workshop for Business Startups , Business Owners , Creative Enterprise Owners , Entrepreneurs , Business Leaders , Sales Professionals and Entrepreneurs who wants to move their business to the digital world Date : 22 - 23 March Location : 7 , Shobayo Street , Ilupeju , Lagos Startup Grind hosts Chris Kwekowe ( Slatecube ) Chris is a young MIT / Harvard trained innovative Ed - Tech entrepreneur from Nigeria . He 's passionate about technology and the average African youth . His venture , Slatecube , aims at developing young African talents into world class professionals for today 's distributed workforce . He 's shared this model with the likes of US President Barack Obama , Bill Gates , and across several continents and countries within the last 2 years . Date : 25 March , 3:00pm to 5:30pm Location : CapitalSquare Lagos , Lekki - Epe Express Road Lekki , Lagos Symphony 's DAVID GURLE : Wall Street - Backed Startup , Raised $ 170 M in 2 Years Access Silicon Valley invites you to join us on March 21 , 2017 when we sit down with Symphony Founder & CEO , David Gurle - the man who is revolutionizing the way financial service teams interact each day . Date : 21 March , 3:45am to 5:30am Location : online How to Find ( and Compensate ) Co - Founders for Your Startup ( Live Online Event ) Join this interactive webinar to learn where to look for co - founders , how to determine co - founder compatibility , how to split equity , and how to avoid common mistakes . Date : 23 March , 7:00pm Location : online Have a startup event that you 'd like featured on next week 's event roundup ? Send us an email .
It 's the day before Valentine 's Day and I have forgotten to buy my girlfriend anything . At the top of my inbox I have an email from the flower delivery startup Bloom and Wild offering me a discount code on bouquets and guaranteed delivery for February 14th . I click the link and am taken straight into the mobile app and the discount has already been applied to the products I can see on the screen . How did the startup 's backend system know where my order was originating and to apply a discount code without me having to enter it at checkout ? That is the work of Branch 's deep linking , and it is having a profound effect for marketing teams at some of the world 's biggest retail startups . Branch is a tech startup from Silicon Valley that was created when the app developer founders saw how difficult it was to link between channels like web and email to a mobile app , where conversions tend to be higher . The advantage of this is opening up traditional customer acquisition channels to drive mobile app downloads , instead of relying solely on the app store . Accommodation booking giant Airbnb is using Branch links to drive app installs and reported a 19 percent uptick as a result . As Ramsey Pryor , head of international expansion at Branch , told Techworld : " We have been working on this full time for two and a half years with 50 engineers and although it may seem simple it 's not once you look across platforms and every instance . You get a benefit of outsourcing that headache to us . " In terms of UK customers Branch already has major commercial companies like Notonthehightstreet.com and Skyscanner using its tools to drive more conversions . Branch takes a developer - first approach to user acquisition , similar to Silicon Valley giants like Stripe and Twilio , and relies on its community to spread the word . Once the free SDK is implemented at a company they tend to start leveraging the premium , more marketing - facing tools like deep linked email , smart banner ads and user journey analytics . The Bloom and Wild example above comes from Branch 's ability to deep link within email marketing , which is important because 70 percent of email is done on mobile now , according to Branch . Bloom and Wild Flowers cofounder Aron Gelbard told Techworld : " We realised we wanted to send emails regarding products and to include a call to action to allow users to buy in email , so we wanted that to point to the product in - app if they have the app , and the website if not . " After this first use case , Bloom and Wild expanded into more sophisticated deep linking to personalise which content customers were landing on and to make applying discount codes more seamless . Gelbard says the company has seen a significant decrease in drop offs at the point where customers had to apply a discount code manually . The startup is also using Branch 's deep linking capabilities to gain better attribution insights . Gelbard explained : " We now use [ Branch ] when there is no discount code , so by attribution as well . So if you click an adwords link , or an email about Valentine 's Day with no discount code we still apply a code with a Branch deep link which hides that code . That enables us to not need to give out as many codes and still track the user . " Gelbard said that he did n't see a viable alternative on the market to solve his deep linking issues and that he was impressed by Branch 's developer ecosystem and standing in the startup community . The company is already looking ahead to Valentine 's Day next year , applying data science to improve the user experience further . Gelbard explained : " We are growing the data science team for personalisation and have started to implement this for different customers , seeing different products , in a different order depending on what the data says is most interesting to them . " So for Valentine 's Day we merchandise differently around previous purchase behaviour to make the process more seamless . "
The OnTruck team OnTruck Spanish startup OnTruck has raised $ 10 million ( PS7.7 million ) in a Series A round led by Atomico and Idinvest for a freight delivery platform . OnTruck is an on - demand platform that pairs businesses with freight carriers to ship their goods . The idea is to undercut intermediaries which , according to Atomico partner Carolina Brochado , charge a hefty commission fee . She said : " Road freight remains a massive market that is still largely undisrupted by technology , representing around 10% of European GDP . " Today , intermediaries charge 15% commission to manually match supply and demand , relying heavily on email , phone calls and even fax . " The company will hire more engineers and product staff and expand into Europe beyond Madrid and Barcelona . OnTruck was founded in 2016 by former PwC consultant Inigo Juantegui and shipping veteran Antonio Lu Lee . Existing backers Point Nine Capital , La Famiglia , and Samaipata Ventures also participated in the funding round .
Being an entrepreneur and a mom have a lot of similarities . The long hours , the hard work , and the whining coworkers all make for a considerably stressful life . Galvanize talked with entrepreneur Janine Williams , a mother of four and burgeoning startup founder that is looking to change the way hotels do business . Janine Williams knew she was sitting on a goldmine . Technically , she was sitting at her dining room table , the center of operations for the two most important ventures in her life : motherhood and soon - to - be CEO . Her four children under the age of ten pinballed in and out of the room , brimming with drama and full of questions : " Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Where 's the paper towels ? Niko spilled a bowl of cereal in your bed . " Williams paused the online team meeting she was trying to conduct for her fledgling startup company , Impulsify . She turned her attention to one of her daughters and the dog came bounding up to the table , barking like it was the end of the world . " Janine , is everything okay ? Should we reschedule ? " one of her Skype'd - in colleagues called out from her laptop screen . She reminded herself to breathe . And then the doorbell rang . The UPS guy was at the front door , adding to the already overflowing chaos of her home . Janine reached for the table , not quite white - knuckling it , but hanging on with what little strength she had left , quietly saying to herself , " Do n't fail ... do n't fail ... please do n't fail . " Williams ' tumultuous journey from high school English teacher to startup founder from her suburban Denver dining room began nearly ten years ago , when her husband launched a distribution business supplying hotel lobby pantries with stock items like candy bars and bottled water . " At first , I was just kind of the housewife who helped , " says Williams with a laugh . At her husband 's request , she read through the business plan he drafted and wound up rewriting it , then had to create a logo and a website , and so on . Williams ' helper role scaled steadilys they got the company off the ground , all while raising their three young children . Then she realied their next opportunity for growth . " I realized that we could get our clients product all day long , but they did n't know what to do with it , " Williams recalls . " Hotel managers do n't know anything about retail ; they 're hospitality people . So their stores looked bad . You 'd have a gorgeous , multi - million dollar hotel lobby and then round the corner and there 's product boxes ripped open and thrown on a wire rack . It was awful . " Williams was n't the only one that realized this . The hotel employees she would inevitably work with felt exactly the same way . " As an industry , we did n't have the expertise to manage a retail operation , even a small and relatively simple one , " says Scott Youngblood , general manager of Embassy Suites Portland Washington Square . " The whole idea of treating your pantry outlet as valuable real estate that you need to maximize was wasted on the industry until a handful of pioneers like Janine began to help us make sense of it . " Williams created a retail service component to her husband 's business , providing pricing and assortment recommendations along with visual merchandising know - how . She devoured whatever data she could get her hands on , from their internal supply and demand stats to convenience store analytics and consumer trends . She used it to give clients like Marriott incisive direction in shelving the perfect balance of salty snacks and sweet treats , along with healthy and trendy options . " I went from being ' the mom who helped ' to really growing the business as the VP of Sales and Marketing , " says Williams , whose tenacity and insight fueled the company 's surge from supplying 25 hotels to servicing 4,000 properties and landing a spot on Inc 500 's Fastest Growing Companies . Business was booming and she and her husband welcomed a fourth child to their family . But then , divorce reared its ugly head . Because Williams ' ex - husband was her CEO , and she had no stake in the company on paper , she walked away with nothing from the business they 'd built together . " I got the kids , which is far more important to me than a company I can rebuild , " she said . " But in many ways , giving up that business we 'd grown together was like losing a child . " Williams was down . But fortunately , she had an idea . While there 's no shortage of point of purchase software on the market , no one had designed a platform to meet the unique needs of unmanned hotel pantry operations . Hoteliers typically made do by trying to modify software designed for room reservations , golf course pro shops , or in Youngblood 's case at Embassy Suites , an interface built for the restaurant industry . Williams , stubbornly inspired by the fact that her former husband / CEO " laughed at the notion that a blond English major from Florida State was going to build software , " set out to do just that . SP With $ 30,000 from her savings , Williams hired a CIO and a small contract development team to take her vision for ImpulsePoint from slide decks to a functioning interface . Powered by machine learning , the ImpulsePoint system gets smarter with each transaction , making Williams ' clients smarter in the process . In less than a year after she and her team turned Youngblood 's relic of a gift shop into the thriving Cascadia Market , the value of his hotel increased by a million dollars . " ImpulsePoint is one of , if not the , most successful innovation we ' ve been able to deploy , not only at my hotel , but industry - wide , " said Youngblood . Williams ' combination of game - changing software , retail services and never - before - captured data is doubling profits for hoteliers like Youngblood and edging her former company out when the two go head - to - head competing for business . Back at the dining room table , Impulsify was taking off , but Williams felt isolated and , despite her success and resourcefulness , she was cracking under the challenges of keeping her startup afloat while single parenting four kids in what felt like a universe away from Denver 's thriving tech scene . " Major clients were calling us ' too small to scale , ' the kids were frustrated , and I was crumbling . Like , on the verge of giving up , " she says , her voice cracking at the memory . " It felt like everyone else was networking and doing amazing things and here I was , on my dining room table in Lakewood . I realized I needed to either take a risk and put a burst of new energy into our vision , or I needed to call it a day and go get a job . " Then Williams found Galvanize . Last June , Williams took the plunge and became a member of Galvanize 's Platte campus in Denver , where she and the Impulsify team now work their magic in a glass - walled suite in the thick of the bustling tech - and - entrepreneurial community . Williams proudly refers to her new headquarters as " the Fishbowl . " " It 's awesome to be in such a collaborative community , " she says . " Galvanize embodies the excitement and attitude of the whole Denver tech scene . People offer to share resources and help each other , just because they want to see you succeed , and they want to see Denver succeed . " This brings us back to the goldmine Williams is sitting on : millions of potential dollars ' worth of data being collected by the ImpusePoint algorithms that can be packaged and sold to manufacturers and brands . " I can tell them what the top 5 best - selling healthy snacks are in a Select Service hotel with 100 to 150 rooms in an urban area , " Williams says , citing one of a zillion ways her clients carve out a competitive edge using her exclusive analytics . Williams has her eye on more than mere data domination , and making sure she gets her brood out the door and off to school by 6:40am every day . She 's raising a seed round of funding to expand Impulsify 's reach , and she 's determined to strike a better work - life balance than she did in her first tour through the startup minefield , where it was 22 hour days and not seeing enough of her kids . " I wo n't do that again , " she vows . " I ' m trying to be the startup that succeeds without sacrificing my family . " And she 's done it all on " a boot - strapped budget " while supporting four kids . She smiles as she glances out at Galvanize 's deck overlooking downtown Denver , where her 7-year old son is playing Corn Hole with a data science student while she crunches the numbers for her startup . " It 's like we moved the dining room table here , " she chuckles . " We ' ve still got kids and dogs running around . We just do it in the Fishbowl now . " This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
The Innotribe Startup Challenge in partnership with SWIFT 's African Regional Conference concluded yesterday in Abidjan , with three fintech companies walking away with cash prizes and more . The three winners are : Aside from claiming a cash prize of EUR10,000 each , the three winners have been invited to attend Sibos , SWIFT 's global financial services conference , set to take place in Toronto from 16 to 19 October . At Sibos , the three startups will share a stage with other financial services experts and will provide attendees with insights as to what 's happening in Africa . " Our partnership with SWIFT 's African Regional Conference over the last three years has highlighted how much SWIFT 's community is keen to understand FinTech innovation , whether we refer to its latest developments , benefits or the opportunities it can unlock , " said the global head of securities markets at Innotribe and Swift , Fabian Vandenreydt in a press release to Ventureburn . The founders and CEO 's of the three startups also commented on their experiences during the Startup Challenge . " Being coached by some of the most knowledgeable startup investors in Africa and Silicon Valley was an invaluable experience in helping us craft our pitch for a global financial audience , " said Sokowatch founder Daniel Yu . The Irofit co - founder Omoniyi Olawale echoed this , saying he experienced " awesome coaches , invaluable feedback , and inspiring fellow - entrepreneurs " . Sido Bestani the head of Middle East , Turkey and Africa at SWIFT also commented on the three winners . " This year 's finalists are providing real solutions to the most pressing challenges facing the African financial industry including financial crime compliance , financial inclusion and supply chain finance . "
New Zealand startup agency Creative HQ is set to add to its portfolio of accelerator programs , today announcing the launch of Lightning Lab Electric , an accelerator program focused on businesses working across the areas of electricity and sustainable energy . The 12 week accelerator will follow on from an Innovation Challenge looking for ideas , prototypes , and developed products relating to the sector . Split across the tracks of consumer solutions , network solutions , and the future grid , the challenge will see finalists to pitch for $ 40,000 in prizes and the chance to work with corporate partners on further developing their solutions . Innovations within the consumer solutions track might include consumer device integration , control , and automation systems , data analytics and AI to assist with consumer decisions , and peer - to - peer trading platforms . Focusing on innovations creating new value for distribution network operations through customer participation , integration , and utilisation of distributed energy resources , ideas could include remote monitoring and management of distributed energy resources , and analysis and incentives for network support services . The future grid track , meanwhile , is looking for ideas that can enhance the ability of utilities and established generations to plan and optimise future investments by changing demand patterns and the increasing integration of distributed energy resources , such as remote asset monitoring and network modelling tools . Hemi Rolleston , interim chief executive of program sponsor Callaghan Innovation , said , " The global electricity sector is ripe for disruption , and New Zealand tech companies have the potential to lead the world with innovative ' smart grid ' solutions . We look forward to seeing the exciting ventures that result from this programme . " Also sponsoring is Genesis Energy , whose GM of corporate and transformation , Dean Schmidt , said the objectives of Lightning Lab Electric align with the company 's new direction and focus on creating innovative products and services for energy customers in New Zealand . " The energy world is changing fast ; access to affordable solar panels and the ability to store , in a battery , electricity generated at home is creating a new energy ecosystem and new innovative opportunities in the electricity sector , " he said . " Using know - how and data gained from close to half a million smart meters and solar installations , Genesis Energy is pouring its energy into creating customer insight - driven services . We changed the way we work so we can create digital services that excite our customers and help them manage their energy experience , so we 're supporting Lightning Lab Electric as another way of encouraging more innovation for energy consumers . " The launch of the Challenge and the Lightning Lab Electric accelerator comes just a few weeks after Creative HQ revealed the intake of its fintech accelerator , New Zealand 's first . Entries to the Innovation Challenge are now open , and will close on March 27 . Applications to Lightning Lab Electric will open on February 13 , with the program to begin mid - May .
Since Facebook 's 2017 F8 Developer Conference kicked off on Tuesday , the social media giant has made a raft of announcements about the new features it has in the works . From advances in augmented reality to virtual assistants , read on for the latest offerings from Mark Zuckerberg and company . During his keynote , Zuckerberg highlighted various forms of AR technology that could soon appear on our smartphones . He previewed tools that will allow users to place virtual objects in real places , such as a note on a refrigerator or artwork on blank white walls . In one demonstration , he showcased the ability to turn flat images into 3D scenes and overlay directions or set up a gameboard . Two tools within the Facebook app 's camera are now available . AR Studio is in closed beta , and developers can apply for access to create effects based on object detection ( think virtual steam billowing from a cup of coffee ) . Frame Studio is available to the public and allows users to create their own image filters and overlays . The company announced the beta launch of a social virtual reality app called Facebook Spaces . If you own an Oculus Rift headset , with the app , you can make a cartoon avatar of yourself , and you and three friends can virtually hang out in just about any setting you can imagine , from Paris to outer space . FutureFor those who have held off downloading the Messenger app until this point , it seems that Facebook is hoping to lure more users with the promise of a more multilevel experience . Messenger will soon integrate the ability to play games such as Words With Friends , and an Apple Music extension is on its way , on top of the current partnership with Spotify . Users can also look forward to a mobile payments function in Messenger for purchases such as event tickets . M , Facebook 's answer to Siri or Alexa , will now be able to drop into users ' conversations in Messenger . If someone asks a question about what to order for dinner , M can offer suggestions and then launch a window within the app where the user can make a purchase through a third party . At F8 , the company also launched Chat Extensions . Now in Messenger , a chat bot can be a group experience , rather than a one - on - one interaction . For example , a group might use theScore 's bot to follow a game or Kayak 's to make travel plans . Owing to Zuckerberg 's goal of merging the digital and physical worlds , Facebook and Udacity are partnering to organize meetups in cities all over the country , where developers can learn new skills and work together . At the conference , Regina Dugan , the head of the company 's research and development moonshot division Building 8 , said that she and her team are currently working on a neural interface that would enable someone to type with just their mind -- up to 100 words per minute . Building 8 is also developing skin sensor technology that would essentially allow someone to hear through their skin . The team is at work on software and hardware that would make the skin mimic the way that the ear and brain process sound frequencies . This artificial cochlea would allow the brain to recognize symbols , words and patterns based on what a person touches . At F8 , the company also rolled out a pair of Surround 360-degree cameras -- the x24 and x6 . The cameras will be completed later this year . The company plans to license the technology to manufacturers in lieu of an open - source model . Last year , a 360-degree camera was announced at F8 . It reportedly cost more than $ 25,000 to produce . Facebook laid out a few initiatives at F8 toward its goal of providing internet connectivity in places that do not currently have access . Tether - Tennas are tethered helicopters meant to act as a backup when natural disasters interrupt connections . Another program , the Terragraph project , uses antennas to close wireless coverage gaps in cities . The ongoing Aquila project is working on drones to provide internet connectivity . During the conference , Michael Abrash , the chief scientist at Oculus Research , made the prediction that by 2022 , augmented reality glasses will be available to consumers , and they could eclipse the popularity of the cell phone . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
Xyla Foxlin strives to be the woman she wishes she had to look up to growing up : passionate and invested in what she does technically , but also maintaining pride in her femininity and external interests including fashion and art . You 'll find her in a dress at robotic design reviews , and a blur of pink in the machine shop . Xyla is the 20-year - old CEO and founder of Parihug , the startup behind internet - connected plushes that let you hug loved ones from anywhere in the world , and she first launched the idea back in 2015 , at a hack - a - thon as an engineering student . The company won the Readers Choice poll for Tech . Co 's SXSW Startup of the Year , but they also recently launched Beauty and the Bolt , an " online village that is designed to reduce the barrier to entry into makerspaces and the makerspace movement , as well as subtly change the narrative of what an engineer should look , act , and dress like . " Here 's Xyla on her journey and the advice she has for anyone hoping to follow in her footsteps . " I was in a long - distance relationship at the time , and simply wanted a source of comfort at the end of the day . That sparked the idea , and then it was the technical challenge that really drew me in at first . How on earth do you use a couple simple components to fool the brain into believing something that is n't true ? How can a cuddly plush toy detect a hug without becoming an awkward creepy weird robot ? Now , much of my motivation stems from people 's stories . I absolutely love hearing about supporters ' family experiences and why they need Pari-- some of these stories are absolutely tear - jerking . " " Up ! We are in a really unique position , where we ( accidentally ) practically invented the consumer tele - intimacy market . There are n't any options for families and loved ones to share emotions over distance the way we do in person-- through touch , smell , taste , etc . There are so many more options than just audio / visual . That said , I hope that changes-- there is a huge difference between telling someone " I love you " over Skype , and actually being able to give them a hug . I really want to just focus on connection-- how can we keep making that experience more and more real , and more and more emotional . " " Adults , use your imaginations . ( Kidding ! ! ) Absolutely . Could I tell you exactly what ? Not at all . I personally want to explore the options in therapy for both special needs children and anxiety disorders . Imagine Pari in a NICU , or as an open source platform for therapists to develop on . The possibilities are endless ! " " For sure , although I think my college and social life was significantly more impacted than my entrepreneur journey . On the startup side , easily the toughest part is ( still ! ) not being 21 , since so much networking and startup events happen at bars . SP On the social life end of things , it 's ( understandably ) pretty tough as a 20 year old girl to empathize with your roommate who is constantly traveling , putting herself out there , no longer taking classes , and constantly being featured in press . I have definitely felt alienated and even targeted by people whom I considered good friends before I started Parihug , but hope that with time the cattiness will wear off . ( Someone once scrawled ' Hugs are overrated ' in my dorm elevator . ) Those who I ' m truly close to say I haven't changed as a person , and I ' m very conscious about not talking about startup things when I ' m with my old classmates . It 's hard to find people my own age who can understand the stress of starting a company . " " Learn to be a sponge , and then learn to filter out bullsh*t . Always listen , even if you disagree . You can learn the most from those people . SP Surround yourself with a support network that will be there not only when you 're successful , but also when you fail . But make sure they are people who do n't take joy from when you get knocked down , or are jealous enough that they want to see you fail . The most important things are grit , empathy , and kindness . You need to know how to work through the hardest nights of your life and maintain a ( mostly ) positive spirit . You also need to be able to empathize with your coworkers , your support network , and your product audience . And be kind ! Your mother was right . Volunteer when the opportunity arises , donate your time and efforts , and be nice to everyone . Not only does it make you a good person and is fulfilling , but you never know who will be able to help you in the future . "
In an age where video is poised to take over the marketing world , understanding how to make a professional - looking videos is more important than ever . Whether you 're promoting a new startup or simply putting something together for personal use , finding the right program for your particular needs is more important than anything else . And if it 's free , all the better . Simply put , VSCD is what video editors have been waiting for . With outrageously expensive softwares being a staple of the market , this company has created something that will not only compete with the notably saturated video editing market , but will also bring the price down . And when we say down , we mean all the way down . " Today , the market of video - editing software is highly competitive . Yet there are very few programs to be considered professional , and their price tag is far from being affordable , " says Alexander Galkin , project manager at VSDC . " Our goal is to tell aspiring filmmakers on a tight budget that most features they are looking for in a professional video - editing program are available for free . " That 's right , this groundbreaking video editing software is absolutely free , completely flipping the script on who can make a high quality video and who ca n't . As a free , full - featured alternative to professional video editing software , VSDC is currently the only free video editor that allows users to export in a new H265/HEVC codec , something essential for those working with 4 K and HD . SP The need for video editing software has never been more pressing for startups and entrepreneurs than it is now . The marketing world is trending towards video faster than a fly to honey , and if your team is n't preparing for this transition , they need to be . Plus , with free options on the market like VSDC , it 's kind of a no - brainer , do n't you think ? Read more about trends in video here on Tech . Co
RefME takes the tedium out of compiling citations - and is proving extremely popular with students . The free app works by scanning the book you want to reference to speed up the task of creating , formatting and managing bibliographies . SP RefMe raised $ 5 million ( PS3.75 million ) in seed round funding in April 2015 , led by GEMS Global . This Hackney - based edtech startup blends hardware and software skills for children by selling toys that kids can build and code themselves . Technology Will Save Us has kits for building your own synthesiser , speaker , games console and even a starter soldering kit , with prices starting at PS15 for the BBC micro : bit . The company was dreamed up by husband and wife Daniel Hirschmann and Bethany Koby around their kitchen table in 2012 . CEO Koby said last year : " I ' m not sure there has ever been a more exciting time to be building a learning - focused organisation in the UK , and we are thrilled to be leading the charge and championing edtech in this field . " Technology Will Save Us raised a PS1.2 million seed funding round led by Saatchinvest in December 2015 . George Burgess is a 23-year - old British entrepreneur who dropped out from Stanford University to focus on growing edtech startup Gojimo . The exam revision app is available on iOS , Android and the web and offers over 50,000 free curriculum - specific quiz questions to over 300,000 monthly active users . Premium content from the likes of McGraw - Hill Education and Oxford University Press is also available as in - app purchases . SP Gojimo previously raised over $ 1 million ( PS630,000 ) in a seed round led by Index Ventures , which included participation by JamJar Investments ( the innocent Drinks founders ) . Krishan Meetoo , along with his co - founder Carl Dawson , set up Proversity to provide a learning and development environment " across the employee lifecycle , from attracting talent through to on boarding them by providing the professional and soft skills they need for the role . So try before you buy with candidates , " Meetoo said . Proversity is working in the corporate learning space , providing an on - demand mobile platform that brings employee attraction , recruitment and retention into one place . Candidates are given a structured learning programme , with each course being designed on a bespoke basis depending on the employer needs . Content can range from text , photos , motion graphics , video walkthroughs and various forms of assessment , from essays to simple check boxes . Proversity raised $ 1.6 million ( PS1 million ) in investment from Czech Republic fund RSBC Venture Capital in November 2015 and is planning a PS5 - 8 million Series A round this year as it expands into the USA , Middle East and ASEAN markets . Learning a new language is really hard , and companies have been trying to make it easier as far back as those giant Rosetta Stone software boxes were being advertised on the TV . UK startup Memrise claims to have cracked the science behind learning and retaining a new language , called ' elaborate encoding . ' The platform then reinforces learning by testing and scheduling reminders to keep participants engaged . Memrise has raised more than $ 6 million ( PS4.5 million ) in seed and Series A funding so far , led by London VC firm Balderton Capital . London - based Firefly aims to free up teachers ' time by simplifying the processes of sifting e - mail for homework , working with a clunky virtual learning environment or copying data into multiple apps that do n't communicate . The portal integrates with existing school systems to bring everything into one place . Teachers can issue homework , give feedback and track progress in one place . For students this means being able to submit work at any time , so not having to hand in work while on study leave , for example . It also gives parents an easy way to track their child 's progress and timetables . Firefly is already used in 300 schools across the UK and typically charges between PS3,000 and PS10,000 depending on the number of pupils . The startup has so far avoided venture capital . A similar , well established startup is London - based Show My Homework . The clue is in the name , as the platform aims to give teachers their evenings back by bringing time saving reports , instant access to online resources and access to homework into one place . The app also gives parents total visibility of their child 's homework and students a place to store and manage all of their homework in one place . Show My Homework is already in more than 1500 schools globally and it raised PS2.4 million in funding from venture capital firm LocalGlobe in January 2017 . Wonde is a Cambridge - based startup working to help schools keep their data secure . The platform allows schools to view and manage their data as it is accessed by third party applications . Once in place Wonde enables administrators to allow or deny access to school data and manage existing applications . For developers Wonde supplies an API for access to school data without having to set up agreements with individual organisations . Knowledgemotion 's primary product is the boclips platform , which allows education providers to find and embed over two million video clips into their teaching materials without having to deal with tricky licensing issues or multiple content providers . The service is available as a clips library or a white label portal , with usage charged either per stream , or at a flat rate per asset used . Founder David Bainbridge told Techworld that he created Knowledgemotion after asking himself : " In an education world that is manifestly changing , where textbooks are becoming Chromebooks , why was n't the content experience in classrooms - from schools to university to corporate training - catching up with the tech delivery opportunity that seemed to be unfolding ? " The company has already signed a supply deal with education content publishers Pearson . Bainbridge says this means " clips are API integrated into their publishing tool . So when a textbook is being created the author can search and pull in the relevant clip to illustrate the paragraph . " Knowledgemotion has raised close to PS1.2 million from angel investors and ICG Ventures - part of major textbook publisher Ingram Content Group - and is preparing for a Series A round at the time of writing . London - based startup Pobble is a platform for children 's writing , with the aim of encouraging even the most reluctant young writers by opening up a global audience for their published work . There is a school version which can be embedded , with trackable metrics . Pobble claims to be used in 100 countries and has already seen 30,000 pieces published to the platform . Authors Anthony Horowitz and Michael Morpurgo are fans too . Pobble raised PS170,000 in crowdfunding with CrowdCube in 2015 , and an additional PS900,000 funding round in February 2016 . Digital Assess is trying to change the way students and assessors work together on feedback relating to pieces of work . Assessors can leave contextual feedback , so comments on a single line of music , a specific paragraph or a slide for a project , regardless of file format . The mobile platform lets work be presented as a " storyboard - style digital portfolio . " Digital Assess works predominantly with higher education bodies , including Goldsmiths university and Eton college , but also vocational learning and accreditation bodies . Digital Assess raised $ 3 million ( PS2.25 million ) from investors including Nesta Impact Investments in June 2015 . Fluency focuses on online learning and development courses in digital employability skills , such as analytics , coding , email , CRM , SEO and social media . There are just 25 courses available on the free portal at the time of writing , with each one clearly marked for how long it will take to complete . The aim is that as candidates take on skills and learnings they become more visible to employers . The platform has started pulling through digital jobs so once candidates successfully pass a course they become eligible for jobs through Fluency . The platform also aims to help employers find skilled candidates by designing courses tailored to their needs . Fluency raised $ 110,000 ( PS82,000 ) in angel investment from Bethnal Green Ventures and Clearly Social Angels back in 2014 . London - based startup AVADO focuses on corporate e - learning , teaching employees digital skills through bespoke courses . Lisa Barrett , managing director at AVADO told Techworld that each customer starts out with a face to face meeting with AVADO , where they will " do a capability audit or assessment around digital skills at the organisation to understand their vision and strategy and where the gaps are for digital ways of working , " she said . One of these solutions is Dot Native , which allows employees to do short , video - driven learning tasks . " A key challenge around e - learning is that it does n't work , it 's repetitive and people do n't finish . So we have designed bite - sized pieces of learning , " she said . AVADO builds its learning tools on a highly customised version of the open source Moodle learning technology . The startup has been backed by VC firm Blenheim Chalcot an undisclosed amount . Oxford University graduate Shameer Thobhani has launched Lectus , an iOS - only app which allows students to connect with expert tutors around the world via video calls . The app is still a little buggy and at the time of writing there are only a handful of tutors , charging PS0.40 a minute , but the premise of opening up elite tutors to a broader audience is extremely compelling . Current tutors include a second year biomedical science student at Imperial College London and a 22 year old history and english graduate from Oxford . Subjects include university admissions , languages , history , mathematics , science , economics and geography . Filippo Yacob came up with the idea of Cubetto - a coding toy designed to help children aged three years and up to write their first computer programs - after the birth of his son . Cubetto is a wooden robot which teaches kids to code using blocks instead of screens . Colour coded directional arrows can be placed on the interface board which will direct the Cubetto on a pre - defined path around maps that can be laid on the floor . This apparently teaches children the basics of algorithms , debugging , and recursions . It is a product of London - based startup Primo Toys which raised $ 1.6 million ( PS1.3 million ) for the project on Kickstarter last year . Cubetto is n't cheap , retailing at PS159 . Teaching the next generation to code is the aim of many a startup , and Code Kingdoms takes a gamification approach , turning glitches into enemies that need to be destroyed . The game uses JavaScript to allow the target audience of 6 - 13 year olds to create fantasy worlds . SP Founders Ross Targett and Hugh Collins came out of the Entrepreneur First graduate accelerator programme and the startup has raised a total of PS280,000 in seed funding from SparkLabs Global Ventures , EF ( Entrepreneur First ) , AngelLab and Neon Adventures . Code Club is a partner of Code Kingdoms and is responsible for events and workshops for 9 - 11 year olds to learn about coding . Code Club is hosted by the UK charity Raspberry Pi Foundation to encourage more young people to learn coding skills and close the growing technology skills gap . SP Kids that attend Code Club will be taught how to programme through fun applications like computer games , animations and websites . Courses start out using Scratch to learn the basics of programming , before graduating to basic web development using HTML and CSS and then advanced skills using established programming languages like Python . Sheffield - based startup Tutora was founded by ex - teacher Scott Woodley and technology analyst Mark Hughes in August 2015 . It is a platform for helping parents and students find local , in - person tutors and pay for it without having to handle cash ( using Stripe ) . There are currently around 5,000 tutors across 11 UK cities to choose from , starting at PS15 per hour . Tutors are vetted using their government ID and can be searched by subject , price , customer feedback ( a star rating ) and proximity . Tutora crowdfunded PS150,000 from 75 investors in April for a 10 percent share in the business . It is currently preparing for a Series A round . Blackbullion seeks to help students and young people take better care of their finances , which in turn helps improve employability . The Blackbullion school edition takes the form of an eight part story and the university version comes in short learning modules based around making informed financial decisions in a non - patronising way . now > press > play is an " immersive educational resource " that looks to help primary school children engage with the curriculum through immersive storytelling . In a now > press > play experience each child is given a pair of headphones which will tell an audio story that incorporates learnings , discovery and problem solving . Pricing is bespoke according to the school . Edalytics is based out of the TechHub at Google Campus and is currently in private beta mode with schools . The mysterious startup says that it is : " Testing technologies such as gamification , cognitive studies , artificial intelligence and data mining to create a unique learning experience for the students . "
The SA government has no immediate plans to match the R1.5-billion that 48 large companies have committed to the SA SME Fund , National Treasury Director - General Lungisa Fuzile told Ventureburn today . Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa pledged during the launch of the fund in May last year that the government would match any contribution made by the private sector . However Fuzile , who sits on the fund 's board , said the government will instead look to improve coordination between the state and private sector , while stepping up its existing funding and business support to small businesses . " It is not clear from a fiscal point of view that the immediate need is to add money , " he explained . He stressed that the government 's decision not to invest at present in the fund had nothing to do with concern over whether the fund would prioritise investing in black entrepreneurs or not . While the fund 's interim CEO Lisa Klein said in September last year that the fund aimed to deploy the first monies in the first quarter of 2017 , the fund has not accredited any fund managers yet . SA SME Fund CEO Quinton Dicks , who was appointed in January , said the fund aims to begin accrediting fund managers from June , when his team is expected to begin work . Dicks , who has 15 years ' experience in the private equity sector , said the board had given him the go ahead a few weeks ago to begin recruiting a team . He intends to initially put together a team of five who will begin work on 1 June . The fund will invest in funds which will then invest in high - growth small and medium - sized enterprises . Dicks said the deployment of funds would be dependent on deal flow from accredited funds . Some are expected to have a closing this year , he said . While funding criteria is expected to be finalised only by June , he said the minimum contribution from funds themselves will be determined by the SA SME Fund and will depend on how each fund plans to deploy the monies . However he stressed that the the SME fund itself wo n't interfere in how funds choose to source their investments . In June last year the fund 's chairman , Adrian Gore , said the fund will forgo part of its share of the fund management fees and pass this on to fund managers as an incentive for them to finance black entrepreneurs . Responding to a question on whether there will be any additional criteria to incentivise investment in black entrepreneurs , Dicks stressed the commercial intent of the fund . " At the end of the day this is a commercial fund and the imperative is growth and if any entrepreneur reflects the attributes that will deliver growth these companies will be invested in , " he said . While he admitted that the R1.5-billion in commitments was not a lot if one compared this to the annual amount spent by companies on enterprise development , it was still a sizeable amount when compared to what any agency disburses annually to SMEs . He said the fund will focus on SMEs and what he describes as " midcaps " ( medium - sized firms ) that are already profitable and had demonstrated the ability to scale . " I do n't think the focus of the fund is ( on ) startups , " he added . " We 're trying to leverage money as quickly as we can so therefore the focus is on those that can already scale , " he explained . While many may initially have been led to believe that the fund would help grow the country 's nascent venture capital ( VC ) sector , he said the fund had not been set up to support the VC sector , but to rather to support existing scalable businesses to grow further . The fund would initially not focus on 12J venture - capital companies as the tax incentive has certain anomalies that do n't make it investor friendly , he said . Apart from Gore and Fuzile , the board is made up of Brian Joffe , Jabu Mabuza , Christo Wiese , Dolly Mokgatle , Judy Dlamini , Nigel Payne and the Public Investment Corporation 's Dan Matjila . Featured image : SA SME Fund CEO Quinton Dicks ( supplied ) Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Entrepreneurship , News , Startup news , Startups , Venture capital
Like Target and Amazon , Walmart is trying to figure out what the future of retail looks like . The company already bought startups such as Jet.com and clothing store ModCloth to better compete online , but Walmart 's next move will invest some of its sizable coffers directly in the next generation of retail technology startups through its own tech incubator . According to Jet.com founder Marc Lore -- now CEO of Walmart 's ecommerce division -- the group will be called " Store No . 8 " and will focus on investing in companies that cover all the buzzwords from virtual and augmented reality , to machine learning , robotics and artificial intelligence . As Bloomberg reports , the new tech incubator was named after a shop in Arkansas where Sam Walton used to experiment with store layouts and will be based in ( where else ) Silicon Valley . While Lore did n't reveal how much Walmart would be investing in the project , Store No . 8 will be headed up by Walmart SVP of Digital Store operations Seth Beal and VP of Incubation Katie Finnegan , who also came from Jet.com . While the companies at Store No . 8 will operate independently of Walmart corporate and its research company @ WalmartLabs in San Francisco , the end goal here is to create new tech that will help Walmart 's bottom line -- whether that be through new online boutiques like ModCloth or new ways to skip the checkout lines in the store . Plus , when your competition is riding robots and planning a delivery service for the moon , the only smart move is to respond by opening a tech incubator .
Albacross is disrupting the B2B Lead Generation market by releasing an otherwise premium feature completely free . The founders of Truecaller and the Nordic CEO of Facebook are now investing about EUR1 million in the future of free lead generation and affordable B2B - marketing . The young company will use the fresh capital to continue with the international expansion into the European market and to disrupt of the B2B lead generation market . Albacross empowers marketing managers by making their sales pipeline super efficient with data - driven digital marketing . Viktor Carlsson , Vice President and co - founder of Albacross : " Our goal is to out - compete existing paid solutions on the market by progressively growing the Albacross user base and by further development of free concept . " The company 's clients range from Volkswagen , Mercedes Benz and Pirelli , to small startups . Many smaller companies in the B2B segment have a limited marketing budget . Albacross offers a target - driven marketing feature enabling businesses to promote themselves to precisely selected companies and audiences , known as account based marketing . This helps to increase sales efficiency and brand relevance , while keeping cost and risk to a minimum . Albacross was founded 2014 , and has its headquarters in Stockholm , Sweden . The company has previously been funded by venture capitalist Magnus Emilsson and world class product strategy expert Gustav Soderstrom , Chief Product Officer at Spotify .
For entrepreneurs , focusing on change and newness do n't just come at the start of a calendar , but at a moment 's notice . With hectic schedules , long days , and even longer nights , it 's important to carve out time to focus on your health , wellness , and of course getting in some sleep . Regardless of the constant pressure on entrepreneurs , many of us still jump on the wellness bandwagon of New Year 's Resolutions . Interestingly enough , only 17 days into January is where most people end up leaving their resolution behind , also known as Ditch New Year 's Resolution Day . If you ' ve kept up the pace thus far , you ' ve only a little more than 300 days to go . If that seems like a long way out , perhaps the advice from entrepreneurs from all walks of life will give you some added inspiration to keep up the wellness efforts : According to world - renowned fitness expert and life coach , Jillian Michaels , it 's all about simplicity . Keep it simple , affordable and accessible . The less strict the better . Anything rigid is hard to stick to : Speaking of simplicity , Michaels recently launched a new fitness anywhere platform , FitFusion , which allows you to stream some of the more popular workout types on any device . Some of us run , others meditate and do yoga . For Washington , DC 's founder and CEO of iStrategyLabs , Peter Corbett , he 's been on a progressive wellness journey for a healthier lifestyle over the past few years . " My best advice is to find some activity you really love - where you can also be productive . For me it 's cycling . I can get out there for an hour or two , clear my head , and solve a few business problems by noodling on them as I ride . " If you want to achieve a goal , you need to measure wellness milestones leading up to it . For VideoAmp cofounder and CEO Ross McCray , that means measuring everything . Being a healthy entrepreneur is n't all lifting weights and hitting the track . You also need to flex that brain muscle to promote wellness . " As an ex - breakdancer for over a decade , I rigorously trained daily for professional competitions . Those experiences made me realize how good health can affect productivity for the better -- and even make me a better CEO , " said Cyril Paglino , cofounder and CEO of Tribe . " I kick off every morning by reading for 45 minutes before checking my emails , which helps me start the day with the most up - to - date tech news at top of mind . In general , I try to make sure I get in a workout 4 - 5 times per week to allow me to unplug from work for a few hours and relieve any stresses that may come my way , keeping me sharp and focused throughout the day . " For a positive brand dedicated to inspiring optimism , it 's important to have healthy employees - both mentally and physically . Bert Jacobs , chief executive optimist at Life is Good shares how he inspires his team into a healthy atmosphere : Before kicking off his day , cofounder and COO of DC - based TransitScreen , Ryan Croft , clears his mind . " As a tech startup founder , I have found running is the best way to stay physically , mentally fit . I run at least two miles at 6 am every morning and often more on the weekends . For me , running provides a digital detox . Running enables me to open my mind to big picture strategy and new opportunities that I often overlook in the hectic every day hustle . " Have you ever wondered why Meal Prep Sunday is such a popular thing for fitness , health , and wellness buffs ? Besides having a better handle on what you eat throughout the week , it also means you get healthier options than eating out all the time . " My best tip for staying healthy is to plan ahead for food ( including meals and snacks ) so that I do n't get caught reaching for junk food . SP If possible , it 's helpful to do as much food advance food prep as possible on the weekend , as well as making healthy desserts and snacks . SP Planning out what you want to eat each day also helps keep you body nourished , fueled , and satisfied , " said Carrie Seibert , owner and founder of Soap Commander . Board meetings ? More like surfboard meetings . " For the new year ( and as part of our new offices ) , my CTO and I have instigated a mandatory board meeting during lunch everyday , basically a 45 - 1.5 hour surf session out front of our offices , " said Rob Farrow , cofounder and CEO of Aisle Planner . " It 's a great way for us to get the team outside , think freely and brainstorm while getting the some exercise ... Not everyone has gotten on board just yet , but the ones who have love it and everyone else is taking up their own personal excursive plan during lunch ... makes for a happy team . " We 're not all morning people , but for ShorTel CEO Don Joos , he starts the day with a bit of ass kicking . " I have a regular 5:00am workout consisting of Insanity , Asylum and a five - mile run regardless of where I am in the world and the time zone . Since so much of my job is unpredictable , the workout helps keep my mind and body fresh and at least have a predictable start to my day . " You need to get out and move . Period . If you spend your entire day in front of a computer , find a way to get out of your seat today ! " By default of being a millennial , I found myself working those 16 hour days in front of a computer , we all know this is not healthy and in the long run it is the recipe for burnout . In talking with one of my investors , we discussed keeping fit and healthy . I said ' I prefer to go to the gym at night ' and he said ' I go to the gym every morning , before I go out to hunt for my food . Once I have caught my food I go home to rest . ' It suddenly dawned on me , maybe I am doing it all backwards . What sense is it in going out to hunt all day for my food and then going prepare my body after the deed was done . In other words , my investor was telling me to go to the gym in the mornings as it would set me straight to succeed in the day while I at work . " - Jamie Johnson , CEO of FJP Investment If you think eating right is the way to go when it comes to wellness , think again . Bold CEO Caleb Parker discusses finding the perfect combination . " The winning combination is eating right , exercise , and sleep . It 's a struggle to manage all three , but you do n't have to be perfect . I avoid white bread and regular sodas , exercise at least 3 times a week ( Gym preferred , but even push - ups and pull - ups at home for 5 min is better than nothing ) , and I aim to get 7 hours of sleep at night . " Being thankful is about creating a positive mindset in hopes of promoting good among others . And it 's the best way to stay mentally healthy . " Express gratitude and take time to breath . Seriously ! I say out loud what I ' m thankful for while driving on the beautiful LA freeways , and I do a series of breathing exercises when I ' m feeling anxious or stressed . These two habits have dramatically cut down on my stress levels and impacted my emotional health more than any gym time . " - Bilal Kaiser , principal at Agency Guacamole Living the present is n't just a saying you find on fortune cookies . It 's one of the keys to living a health life . " It took me years to realize the importance of focusing on what you 're doing at the moment , no matter if it 's work , physical exercise or being at home with your family on a Saturday afternoon . Multitasking is inevitable nowadays , and sometimes desirable . But try as much as you can to focus on what you 're doing now . While working , see if you have those multiple tabs opened in your browser . If you do , save those links somewhere , and just open them again when you 're ready to focus on them . " - David Laloum , founder and CEO of Carts Guru
An Indian technology startup , that claims to be the world 's largest appointment - booking platform for doctors , today announced it has raised more money . SP SEE ALSO : Reliance Jio is bringing Apple 's HealthKit features to India with its new app Bangalore - based Practo has raised $ 55 million in its Series D funding led by Chinese internet giant , Tencent . The round also saw participation from a clutch of new investors that included ru - Net , RSI Fund , owned by Recruit Holdings , and Thrive Capital . The Series D round takes Practo 's total funding to about $ 180 million . These funds will be primarily used to fuel the company 's expansion in the existing markets of India , Singapore , Indonesia , Philippines and Brazil , and also in strengthening its enterprise offerings . SP Practo connects patients to nearby doctors and clinics , letting them read about the doctors ' experience as well as rating and reviews from other patients . For doctors and hospitals , Practo provides , for a fee , an online patient management system for maintaining the appointments as well as other services to help them market themselves , gain visibility and increase footfalls . Practo now intends to integrate all that as well as medicine orders , payments and health data under one seamless ecosystem . " This will be made possible by providing a central infrastructure on which the entire healthcare ecosystem can interact , connect , create & exchange value by linking layers of data , communication & payments to deliver better care , " Shashank ND , founder of Practo , said in a statement . Practo currently operates in 15 countries in Latin America , Middle East and Southeast Asia , besides going strong in India . The company claims that it clocks about 45 million appointments annually which makes it the world 's largest appointment - booking platform in only eight years , according to Forbes India . SP What makes Practo successful is that it manages to address one of India 's biggest pain - points , i.e. access to trusted medical health professionals . SP What makes Practo successful is that it manages to address one of India 's biggest pain - points , i.e. access to trusted medical health professionals . According to the World Bank , India , a nation of 1.3 billion , has only 0.7 doctors per 1,000 people . In comparison , less populated nations like the U.K. and the U.S. are far higher at 2.8 and 2.5 , respectively . Besides being a go - to service for consumers , Practo has gradually become an important cog in the wheel for enterprises too . SP Late last year it acquired advanced analytics firm Enlightiks that enables it to offer business intelligence to healthcare firms . SP Prior to that , in 2015 , it entered hospital management by buying Insta Health Solutions and facilitated smooth appointment - booking through the buyout of Qikwell Technologies . SP
LevelTen Energy CEO Bryce Smith . ( LevelTen Photo ) SP Big companies are increasingly seeking out renewable energy to cope with carbon emissions caps and keep their budgets more stable , but those big transactions can be complicated and lengthy . So says LevelTen Energy , a Seattle startup that 's created a two - sided marketplace to help clean power providers sell their products to corporate clients . " We make it easy for producers and buyers of wholesale green power to research , execute , and manage these complex transactions , and our transparent , streamlined transaction process allows less experienced buyers to participate for the first time , " said LevelTen CEO Bryce Smith . The five - person company launched last year and is currently incubating in the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator . Smith brings nearly 15 years of experience in the energy industry to his latest venture . " We devised a platform that offers clean power in a way that 's far superior , in terms of risk , value , and transaction costs , " he said . " Imagine if Match.com and Vanguard had a baby that really cared about clean energy . " GeekWire caught up with Smith for our regular Startup Spotlight feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " LevelTen Energy operates a technology - enabled , two - sided marketplace that connects large - scale wind and solar projects with corporate energy buyers . " Inspiration hit us when : " At my previous company , it took two years to execute a power sale to a willing and eager corporate customer . At that point , I knew that there had to be a better way to bring together two parties that really wanted to transact . " VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " All of the above . We 're grateful to our angel friends at Element 8 for getting us off the ground , but we also need our venture backers to capture this huge opportunity . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " Wholesale electricity markets are complicated , esoteric , and littered with pitfalls , so it 's imperative to assess renewable energy projects with a sophisticated lens . Executing these transactions requires getting hundreds of details right , across multiple disciplines ( e.g. project evaluation , wholesale price risk , project finance , deal structuring ) . We 're really proud of the skills that our team brings , in this regard , though that 's not much of a secret ! " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " Forming a strategic partnership with EnergyGPS , a Portland - based firm that brings unparalleled wholesale energy market expertise and analytics . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " Often , a bad choice is better than no choice at all . We regret not moving more quickly on a few important issues . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " As a Seattle entrepreneur , is there any upside in siding with Gates or Bezos ? Pass , please ! I will say that the Gates Foundation work is inspirational , and we try to emulate Amazon 's unrelenting customer focus . " Our favorite team - building activity is : " Cocktails , when we 're lucky enough to be in the same city . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " Integrity , expertise , and a bias for action . Sorry , that was three things . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " If people do n't think your concept is outlandish or unattainable , you 're probably not being sufficiently ambitious . Also , getting out of bed every day is half the battle ! " Editor 's note : GeekWire is featuring each of the companies in the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator as they prepare for their Demo Day April 19 .
Nigeria 's recession should have made the acquisitions of startups more affordable for foreign firms -- but instead the creation companies and building of new products has slowed because of the high cost of operating there , says Nigerian tech expert Emeka Okoye . " Unfortunately most startups are centred in Lagos which is one of the most expensive cities in the world , " said Okoye in an interview with Ventureburn . The city is ranked at number 13 out of 209 cities by Mercer in its 2016 Cost of Living rankings . Much of the high cost of doing business is down to expensive internet and firms having to pay for diesel to run generators ( as electricity off the grid is unreliable ) . Read more : Tackle infrastructure , skills challenges to boost tech sector , say Nigerian experts Nigeria 's tech sector has been in the spotlight ever since Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg 's visit there in September last year . Yet 20 years ago the country had a flourishing home - grown software sector even exporting to the US and Europe . Okoye says with the boom of the personal computer and the need for SMEs and large corporates to consume information technology products and services Nigeria became a technology leader in the early 1990s . " Lots of entrepreneurs created software companies that built made - in - Nigeria software that beat the foreign ones in the local market even though they were more expensive at times . " By 1995 when Nigeria had 89 banks , about 30 of these banks were running locally developed banking software . One of the companies that developed these banking software , Tara Systems , had already started exporting their banking software called Autobank to the US as well as Europe ( read about it here ) . " Also software companies like CSA Systems , from where Neptune Systems came out from , and Systemspecs whose flagship product is a Human Resource Software , were also exporting within Africa and beyond . He added that at the time the local assembly of computers from knocked down parts had grown to become a significant industry in Nigeria too . But he says software imports and the lure of big salaries paid by banks and telecommunication companies lured talented developers away from the tech sector . The poor support from the government has also not helped . " Some of the governments and agencies are giving grants mostly on the basis of SME and not on technology or innovation . Our government does not fully understand how technology or innovation can boost the economy and how they can fuel it , " he explained . Okoye mentioned in an interview last month with Techpoint that Nigeria could learn from India which set up technology institutes to train students . He added that other countries also hold lessons from Nigeria . He points to Brazil , which built the tech sector from academia ; Israel , where the government supported entrepreneurship , innovation and inventions ; the UK , where there is a flourishing tech ecosystem and where universities have clusters at institutions such as Oxford and Cambridge ; and Canada , where local ecosystems were built on industry - academia relationships such as the University of Waterloo and other universities . In addition , he said while Nigeria has a significant expatriate community startups are not tapping into this . " Some of us have links with the expat community due to our business relationships with them over the years but unfortunately the young ones have refused to tap into the experience of the older techies . " A lack of mentoring is also a challenge : " A lot of the young techies are being mis - advised or misled . They believe they know better and they can do it on their own . " Despite the challenge he believes the Nigerian tech startups to keep an eye on are Hotels.ng ( hotels ) , Iroko ( entertainment ) , Flutterwave ( fintech ) Paystack ( fintech ) and Paga ( fintech ) . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Africa , Startup news
Spring has sprung ! The birds are chirping , the sun is shining , and entrepreneurs around the world are crawling out of their home offices in search of food that is n't Doritos . And if you were out in the world enjoying some sunshine , you might have missed some of Tech . Co 's top stories from the last week . Fortunately , we ' ve got this handy dandy article that will sum up what you missed without keeping you inside . Take a look at our top stories below and get a little sun for once ! Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here .
The UK 's small and medium - sized tech businesses are backing themselves to grow in spite of upcoming challenges posed by Britain 's exit from the EU ( Brexit ) , and skills shortages . According to findings from the fourth annual Albion Growth report - published by VC investment firm Albion Ventures - 65% of the 1,014 tech entrepreneurs surveyed said they plan to grow " dramatically " or " moderately " by 2019 with 48% targeting new hires over the next two years . While the report found strong anti - Brexit sentiment among tech business leaders with 49% in opposition , 8% higher than the opposition average of other business sectors , 36% of tech CEOs asserted optimism about Brexit and believe it " will help their chances of winning new business " . Despite positive findings for the future of the UK 's tech industry - now valued at over PS161bn - many of the tech businesses interviewed by Albion reported concerns about finding skilled staff ( a challenge for 48% ) , accessing new markets ( 31% ) , and changes in the political climate ( 30% ) . Ed Lascelle , partner at Albion Ventures , commented : " The tech sector continues to grow rapidly and the UK still leads in some of the most exciting areas of innovation , such as artificial intelligence . " Want free advice on launching a tech start - up in the UK ? Click here .
Tune in June 28 and learn how to unlock the power of customer data in our free webinar . SP Register Now > > While startups seem unable to compete with larger companies thanks to the startup data disadvantage , the data landscape is changing . Kenneth Cukier , data editor for The Economist , pointed out at a November conference that the agility startups enjoy in the early stages of growth can become a hindrance later on once they start competing against larger companies with bigger and better data . But help is on the way : With the rise of data collection services , creatively aligned partnerships and some old - fashioned ingenuity , the " inevitable " failure of data - challenged startups is no longer a looming threat . Startup leaders are n't the type to accept failure readily ; scrappy CEOs are used to taking sometimes unconventional approaches to keeping their businesses alive . Even when that means suspending someone 's salary for a pay cycle or two , the startups that succeed are the ones that find opportunity in every obstacle . For many companies , the availability of capital for vital resources is laid out long before investors come into the picture . Unfortunately , not many see the need to spend money to acquire big data , which can come back to haunt them when it 's time to scale . Just as startups must invest in advertising to spread the word about their products , so must they invest in data to gather insights about their consumers and position themselves for long - term success . For companies looking to box with the heavyweights , a good data strategy is essential . These tips will help growing companies get more from their data and allow them to stand toe to toe with legacy giants : Before spending money on new tools , startups should take a look at their existing arsenal . Many businesses already have access to the vital information they need . Facebook 's Business Manager function provides a treasure trove of information based on ad conversions , likes , shares and comments -- for free . Data is is to be found all over social media interactions . Spending time collecting and analyzing it is one of startups ' most critical priorities when they 're looking to scale . These truths hold especially true for direct company interactions . No like or share should go unscrutinized . Someone within the company should always be on call to evaluate social media interactions in real time , both to collect data and to handle any PR situations that may arise . Before presenting anything to a potential customer , a company must know where in the buying cycle that person currently resides . Some customers might have an immediate need , while others might not even know what the ad is showing them . Whether a potential customer is just becoming aware of the product or is actively looking to make a purchase , the content presented must rely on data to drive the customer to the next phase . In addition , companies can also use Facebook to view their audience profiles for a better understanding of who their users are and what they want . Audience Insights via Facebook Ads Manager is a free tool which , while originally designed for advertisers , can help data - hungry small companies learn more about their audiences -- even when they 're not advertising directly to them . The result will be more effective content and strategies . Most startup CEOs budget their money better than they budget their time . When both money and time go toward the same wrong pursuit , the waste and opportunity costs are doubled . Startups do n't have unlimited time to plot and strategize , so founders can not afford to practice poor time management skills . Budgeting time for data analysis allows companies to give their undivided attention to learning more about their customers -- a pursuit that always bears fruit in the end . Saad Shah , CEO of software company Metric - X LLC , for example , has described how he struggled with time management in the early days of his business . Because the team spent all of its time and energy completing projects , he says , it failed to line up future projects and struggled . Budgeting time , therefore , could have saved money and heartache . From beginning to end , good organizational habits can make the difference between usable data and an overwhelming amount of information . Studies show that employees mimic the habits of leaders , so founders and CEOs must set a good example for those around them . When it comes to cataloging , analyzing and preserving good data , setting that proper example is key . Jonas Downey , Basecamp 's designer , recommends breaking sizable tasks into less overwhelming components to stay organized and productive , as well as maintain the right work environment for each person . Startups do n't need billions of dollars to compete with the big data bullies -- they just need to be smart about their resource management and to practice disciplined data habits to get the most out of what they already have . By following these strategies , entrepreneurs and their companies can go up against anyone with confidence . Daniel Wesley is a Florida - based entrepreneur whose degree is in nuclear medicine . His work has been featured in many distinguished publications , including Entrepreneur and Time magazine . He is currently the chief evangelist at Quote.com an ...
After a rocky end to 2016 , Seattle - based insurance comparison startup QuoteWizard is back in the game . The privately held company today announced the launch of a new car insurance tool , CarrierCompare , and told GeekWire that March of 2017 was its most profitable month yet . QuoteWizard was growing quickly last year , approaching $ 100 million in revenue and opening a new office in Denver . But in November , it announced 50 layoffs , about 30 percent of its workforce at the time . QuoteWizard CEO Scott Peyree told GeekWire the layoffs were due to constrained spending by the insurance industry , where the company makes its money , and that the company was looking for more sustainable business solutions . Now QuoteWizard says it is projecting revenues of $ 75 million to $ 80 million for the year , and it posted a net profit of over $ 1 million in March . It 's also hiring again for some positions . Peyree said the turnaround was both because of an upturn in insurance spending and because the company has started to see payoffs from tech and strategy investments . The 100-person company is now in the running for the Bootstrapper of the Year award at this year 's GeekWire Awards , taking place May 4th at Seattle 's MoPOP . " The psychological impact of running a company where it is not only your own blood and sweat , but also all of your ( and your partners ) own money provides a focus and desire to succeed that you do n't get when taking outside investment , " Peyree told GeekWire earlier this week . The new CarrierCompare tool allows users to directly compare car insurance plans from 30 insurance providers , giving objective assessments on elements like consumer satisfaction and financial strength . " We developed CarrierCompare to be much more than just a company database , " QuoteWizard Content Manager Adam Johnson said in a press release . " When users access a company page on CarrierCompare , they also have the option to directly compare it alongside another insurance company . This allows consumers to easily evaluate the policy options , potential discounts , strengths , weaknesses , and more , all free of charge . " The bootstrapped startup has been family owned since its founding in 2006 and , for a time , was one of the fastest growing companies in Washington state .
Growth inevitably brings changes -- some welcomed and some not . And while adaptability is a must in business , there are some changes that , if not managed appropriately , can send a growing company into a tailspin . One of the areas that businesses must remain vigilant about is company culture . Every company has a culture , whether it 's actively cultivated or not . And that culture serves as the foundation upon which the organization bases all internal and external decisions and interactions . It 's also a huge part of the common belief structure that dictates the direction of the company as well as its mission and values . As such , it is incredibly important to not only maintain a strong company culture , but also protect it from the effects of growth - related degradation . But how do you know if your culture is being threatened ? And if it is , how do you get it back on track ? In the early days of WebPT , our culture developed organically . The team was small , so we naturally had a close - knit , scrappy culture . We were able to nurture the company culture and communicate expectations simply by being a close group -- through osmosis . But after we took a round of angel funding in year two , we added more new people in three months than we had during those first two years . The energy within WebPT was shifting -- and the change was palpable . That 's when we knew we needed to take a hard look at how we were going to preserve our culture moving forward . And I would urge every business owner -- regardless of size or employee count -- to do this sooner rather than later . To get back on track , we used our annual New Year 's company meeting to rally the team around defining our culture . We asked them : We ended up filling an entire whiteboard with ideas , which we then distilled down into the set of culture commitments that still shape everything we do today . Enlisting the team to assist in defining and building this was one of the most important things we did . Before you can truly define your values , though , you must define your purpose . Ask yourself : The answers to these questions will form the basis of your organization 's vision and purpose -- your North Star . A strong purpose will give meaning to your work and inspire your team to put heart into everything they do . It also allows them to feel they are part of something bigger . Vision and purpose have been the key drivers behind our growth . They guide our hiring , firing , and partnership decisions , and they help put us back on track when we make mistakes . They also form the foundation of our core values . Core values are essentially fundamental beliefs that guide major decisions , provide a behavioral compass , shape your company 's culture , and ultimately serve as the bedrock of the organization . While there is n't a right or wrong way to define your core values , it was important for us to enlist our team in creating ours . Core values should be as simple and straightforward as possible while still reflecting your company 's personality . These are commitments and expectations that should be used to hold your team accountable every day . A good rule of thumb is to stick to four to 10 statements of no more than six words . Once defined , find every opportunity to infuse them into your daily operations . This could include : At the end of the day , our real differentiator at WebPT is our people -- and I would argue that is the one thing that sets most successful organizations apart from the rest . Of course , you ca n't attract -- and retain -- great people without a great company culture . So , make the effort to define , preserve , and nurture it , especially if you are in the midst of rapid growth . Read more about company culture here on Tech . Co
Chris Heivly , also known as the " Chief Pot - Stirrer " in Raleigh Durham , North Carolina , is the Managing Partner at The Startup Factory , a serial entrepreneur , and the cofounder of MapQuest . He 's known for kicking up the dust and finding ways to get people fired up to shift the startup ecosystem into high gear . This time for the # StartupEverywhere series , he talks with me about his role in the ecosystem , operating an investment accelerator , the impact of educational institutions and challenges startups face . I refer to myself as the " chief pot - stirrer . " Seven years ago there was very little activity in our region , so my role at that time was to create activity through one - on - one meetings , events ( such as pitch events and job fairs ) , and crowdsourced information blogs -- really whatever it took . For the last six years I operated two investment accelerators , which collectively invested in 42 companies . I also am part of an informal group of community leaders who look for ways to increase both the scope and speed of our startup ecosystem 's growth . SP Raleigh - Durham is unique in that it has three large universities ( University of North Carolina Chapel Hill , Duke , North Carolina State ) and a handful of smaller colleges that serve as excellent feeders for ideas , talent , capital , and awareness . Additionally , the Research Triangle Park ( RTP ) was created over 50 years ago and houses thousands of talented employees of IBM , Cisco , GSK , NetApp , and many others . SP Those elements , combined with the low cost of living here , have really helped us grow . Read more about incubators around the country The number one feature that sets the Raleigh - Durham startup community apart is our inclusive nature . As startup community underdogs ( as compared to New York City or Boston ) , we understand that we have to work harder and smarter than many other communities . North Carolina , specifically the Raleigh - Durham metro area , has experienced huge population growth and will continue to see a huge in - migration of talent -- we are expected to add 1 million people by 2025 . Every single person you speak to from our startup ecosystem will share that this region embraces them and empowers them from day one . In addition , our diversity statistics shatter national numbers . For example , the Startup Factory 's founders were one - third female and one - third minority . These trends are also reflected in our co - working spaces . I 'd say it 's figuring out how to maintain all of the momentum built over the past seven years . This is not unlike the pressure that a growing company has as it matures . Our success has been built on a platform of # givefirst , which has has enabled us to do more things faster . But it gets harder to maintain that tight community as you grow . Our challenge will be in navigating future success with the same underdog intensity . The American Underground entrepreneur campus in Raleigh , NC . Our startup culture is unique and exciting and as such , it draws attention from policymakers at all levels . Most of the interactions are in the context of tours and hallway conversations . The Startup Factory has hosted a handful of state policymakers to share our observations . When I think about challenges and the next phase of startup community growth for Raleigh - Durham , I see an opportunity to bring awareness of the growing startup scene to policymakers , and even influence policy and behavior as a stretch goal . Tips on building a company culture at your startup There really is not any one thing but a bunch of good things that add up to the continued growth of the area 's startup ecosystem . The first installment of Moogfest ( a futuristic conference and music festival ) was held in Durham to much acclaim . The American Underground entrepreneur campus ( in coordination with Google for Entrepreneurs and Black Wall Street Homecoming ) launched a week - long series of events where black founders from around the country received mentorship and extended their networks . The region continued to grow through HQ Raleigh 's expansion of their footprint locally as well as into other geographies . Outside venture capital invested in local companies also continues to rise . Chris is keeping an eye on : Read about ecosystems around the country at Tech . Co This article is courtesy of Engine 's # StartupsEverywhere series , a campaign celebrating the diverse , vibrant entrepreneurial ecosystems that are taking root in every corner of the country . Through weekly profiles of startup ecosystem leaders , the project showcases exciting developments in a variety of rising startup communities . If you are interested in having your ecosystem featured , shoot an email to monica@engine.is
The Federal Communications Commission 's chairman , Ajit Pai . Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images The Federal Communication Commission on Thursday voted to initiate the process of undoing the net - neutrality rules put in place during the Obama administration . The vote fell 2 - 1 along party lines , with Republicans Ajit Pai , the chairman , and Michael O'Rielly voting in favor of Pai 's proposal to reverse the rules . Democrat Mignon Clyburn voted against . The vote does not mean the existing net - neutrality rules are dead . Instead , the FCC will now seek further public comment before finalizing an order that would undo the rules in earnest . That order will require another vote , most likely later this year . Even if the commission passes that order , that would n't necessarily end the matter . The new rules will almost certainly be challenged in court by proponents of the Obama - era rules . That could be an extended process . It took about 10 months for the current net - neutrality rules to go from proposal to official policy , then another 15 months to be upheld in court . But the vote Thursday has fired the starting gun . Today 's net - neutrality rules classify internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon as utility - like " common carriers " under Title II of the Communications Act . That classification gave the FCC broad authority to dictate what ISPs could do within their networks . Democratic commissioner Mignon Clyburn , Pai , and Republican commissioner Michael O'Rielly . FCC Most notably , the FCC used that Title II authority to preemptively ban ISPs from blocking , slowing the speeds of , or prioritizing certain traffic on their network for financial gain . AT&T , for instance , can not slow down Google 's YouTube TV service so that it 's less appealing than its own DirecTV Now service . Nor can it let Google pay a fee for faster speeds , something a startup would be less capable of doing . Pai 's proposal aims to strip that Title II classification for ISPs and reverse them back to being Title I " information service providers . " That is what they were considered before the current rules . Pai says the expanded FCC authority -- including a " general conduct " rule that lets the FCC strike down future abuses that are n't explicitly covered by the official rules -- has depressed ISPs ' willingness to invest in their networks . Pai 's proposal expresses support for the " no blocking " rule but seeks comment on whether any of the core net - neutrality rules are necessary . Republicans and various ISPs feel it 's best to punish any abuses after the fact , instead of preemptively eliminating the possibility of misconduct with what they see as heavy - handed regulation . Proponents of net neutrality protesting against Pai outside the American Enterprise Institute before his arrival May 5 in Washington , DC . Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Proponents of the current rules -- namely Democrats , consumer - advocacy groups , and internet - based companies both big and small -- say Title II authority is necessary to actually enforce net neutrality , and they argue that network investment has not been harmed by the Obama - era rules . Weakening those rules would open the door for ISPs to play favorites , and thus stifle competition , they say . Clyburn , for one , decried Pai 's proposal as a " hollow theory of trickle - down economics " at the FCC 's public meeting on Thursday . Major ISPs like Comcast , Verizon , and AT&T have said they will not block or throttle content should the rules be reversed . The FCC twice tried to impose net - neutrality rules using Title I authority before the current rules were enacted in 2015 , and it was defeated in court by ISP lawsuits on both occasions . Pai has said he would welcome congressional action that would turn net - neutrality principles into law , though it 's not clear what such a bill would look like with the ongoing gridlock in Washington . Eric Gaillard / Reuters In any case , the debate is a heated one . Various Democrats in Congress have pledged to protest Pai 's intentions , and some consumer - advocacy groups have already disrupted FCC meetings in support of the Obama - era rules . More than 2.1 million public comments have already been filed since Pai issued his notice of proposed rulemaking -- many spurred by comedian John Oliver 's call to preserve the rules -- though hundreds of thousands of those comments appear to have been generated by bots , bringing their authenticity into question . Expect things to intensify on both the internet and Capitol Hill from here .
The GoCardless team . GoCardless Notion Capital , a London - based venture capital firm that backs startups across Europe , has announced a new $ 80 million ( PS60 million ) startup fund that will be used to back later stage companies . Notion has raised 55% of this fund so far , according to TechCrunch . The VC , which focuses on backing enterprise software and cloud companies , also announced on Tuesday the final closing of a $ 140 million ( PS107 million ) venture fund to back early stage startups . Notion also announced that it has promoted ex - Amazon exec Chrys Chrysanthou and ex - Morgan Stanley banker Patrick Norris to partner level . " These developments leave us exceptionally well positioned for 2017 and beyond , so we feel excited about what the future holds for Notion , " said Notion Capital managing partner Stephen Chandler in a statement . " From the start we set out to build a genuinely differentiated venture capital firm that would be sustainable across multiple generations . Talent is obviously critical to that mission so it is particularly pleasing to recognise the contribution of our two new partners with these internal promotions . " Notion Capital has had a number of successful exits , including Shutl to Ebay , Star to Claranet , Trustev to TransUnion , and Wercker to Oracle . It has also invested in the likes of London fintech startups Currencycloud and GoCardless , as well as travel startups like MOVE Guides , and TripTease .
Unless you live under a rock , you should know that the age of mainstream virtual reality is fast approaching . According to Statista , the total number of active VR users is predicted to reach 171 million in 2018 . And apart from gaming , brands are also starting to adopt VR into their marketing . Virtual reality also has an impact in the startup ecosystem worldwide . If you want to see this VR boom in action , check out the six virtual reality startups below and keep your eye out for them in 2017 : Medical Augmented Intelligence ( MAI ) is one of the many startups that aim to incorporate virtual reality into education . It features the Acupuncture VR program , which provide students with a live learning platform . MAI 's Acupuncture VR works by connecting instructors and students via live virtual space . Although it focuses on acupuncture , it also offers radiograph filtering , which is useful for studying the human anatomy . The company is also looking to expand into other fields of medical practice . Hopefully , they have something new in store this 2017 . You may think that virtual reality is all about altering what you see . However , SpaceoutVR proves that it should also be about what you hear . SpaceoutVR is a virtual reality app that allows you to create your own virtual multimedia space . Its main selling point is that you can inject your own music playlist into the experience . You can also integrate content from external platforms like Soundcloud , Giphy , Google Search , and YouTube . While SpaceoutVR was founded in 2015 , the app was expected to go mainstream in 2017 . In fact , it was recently featured on NBC 's show - Superstore in February 2017 . The Metaverse Channel is another startup that integrates VR technology with education . They aim to inspire today 's youth by introducing them to historical figures like Einstein and Picasso in a face - to - face model . Just like MAI , the Metaverse Channel augments the learning experience of students with tools and learning resources through VR space . Right now , the company works on custom projects for educators along with virtual set platforms with CBS Digital . A virtual reality startup does n't have to be tied to an existing hardware like the Samsung Gear VR or Oculus Rift . InvisiVision , for example , is a VR / AR startup that makes their own eyewear . The product 's goal is simple - to allow the user to control what they see . InvisiVision 's eyewear works by integrating two different image streams into the user 's vision . The user , in turn , can choose which stream to view . Currently , the company is focusing on the eyewear 's applications in gaming , movies , and interactive marketing . When it comes to storytelling , virtual reality proves to be the most immersive among different content types . That 's why Baobab Studios fully embraces VR technology in their animation projects . The company currently has two flagship characters - Mac and Cheez . Along with their robot sidekick Peas , the blundering duo embarks on adventures that ultimately reveal a brand new market in the cinematic industry . You can check out Mac and Cheez in Asteroids and Invasion using mainstream devices such as the Gear VR , Daydream , Oculus , and HTC Vive . Both apps can be downloaded for free on the studio 's website . Lastly , Drop is an app that , as of February 2017 , is still in its beta stage . It is one of the 20 virtual reality startups funded by HTC in their accelerator program . Drop 's main goal is to reinvent web searches by spicing things up with a virtual reality interface . While the app is still in development , you can become a part of the beta phase by signing up on their site . If you 're interested in utilizing virtual reality in your marketing strategy for your startup , here is an infographic by KnowledgeHut that can help you better understand the marketing applications of this innovative technology : Read more about virtual reality startups here on Tech . Co
The 9th annual National Small Business Chamber ( NSBC ) Summit will take place on 15 to 16 January at the Gallagher Convention Centre in Johannesburg . The NSBC Summit will consist of over 100 sessions and seminars , as well as the My Business Expo , Business Start - Up Expo , The Franchise Show , Access to Finance Indaba and Trading Across Borders showcases . According to Mike Anderson , the CEO and founder of NSBC , the event will is ideal for anyone wanting to start a business . " The objective of the event is to give enterprising and aspiring entrepreneurs and business owners the knowledge and tools they need to get ahead and become tomorrow 's legendary entrepreneurs , " says Anderson in a press release to Ventureburn . " As we enter our 9th year , we anticipate an excellent turnout of delegates , all of which will benefit from hundreds of exhibitors , seminars and sessions . It 's why the NSBC Summit is the most successful show of its kind in Africa , it 's the place to be , to learn and how to get ahead , " concludes Anderson .
Marketing is a constant struggle for small business owners , who do n't have the time to spend on experimenting with all the different methods and ideas experts are constantly coming up with and urging them to try . A number of startups are emerging to solve this problem , with the key seeming to be something the consumer treasures almost above anything else : free WiFi . Melbourne startup PoweredLocal , for example , has created a system that has customers wanting to hook into a cafe 's wifi check into its Facebook page before they 're granted access , with the idea being that the user 's Facebook friends will notice them checking into that location , and keep it in mind next time they 're looking for a new cafe to try out - word of mouth in the digital age . Yet another looking to solve the issue by taking it one step further is Perth startup Smartbeat , cofounded by Todd Sainsbury and Paul Trappitt , which has created a WiFi device and connected marketing platform that will enable business owners to capture data about their visitors and then conduct targeted marketing to get them coming back and spreading the word more often . The idea for Smartbeat came from a WiFi business the cofounders were running a few years ago . Seeing that business owners were struggling with all the moving parts involved with trying to install various pieces of technology , Sainsbury and Trappitt would sort them out with WiFi through a standalone plug and play hotspot , with some advertising and social integration built in . " While we were getting a bit of traction with that , we kept bumping into other opportunities around different spaces and different ways of using WiFi . We got involved with a couple of coworking spaces who were wanting us to put the WiFi in but what they really wanted more was more than just a landing page , " Trappitt explained . " We realised from there that WiFi is not really the thing , the technology is n't really the thing , it 's more around WiFi and presence analytics and the community that develops . " From there Trappitt and Sainsbury began developing Smartbeat - originally Engagement Coach - with the idea of helping small businesses develop a community and get to know them better . For businesses , Smartbeat works through a WiFi device to be installed in their store . With customers then connecting through the access point they are linked to a business ' social media , website , email list and so on . The access point device also enables presence analytics through mobile phone tracking , perhaps most easily explained as how cookies track our activity on the internet , but in the real world within a particular geo - fenced area . From here , Smartbeat collects and analyses information about visitors , its dashboard then suggesting to a business owner specific actions to take in regards to marketing , for example targeting a particular segment of customers on a specific platform or through a specific medium on a certain day . At the core of the Smartbeat service is the idea of identifying your most loyal customers and essentially making them your brand ambassadors , in a sense , and turning your occasional visitors into regulars and then into your ' raving fans ' . " It 's about helping businesses understand that instead of having to go outside to look for new customers , they ' ve actually got all these customers that are already around them , " Sainsbury explained . For example , Sainsbury said , the average barista in a cafe might have 50 or 100 or so regulars that they know well . These regular , loyal customers are the cafe 's biggest asset - they probably have a couple of work meetings in the cafe , or might come by for breakfast with friends and family outside of work . Smartbeat wants to help facilitate greater word of mouth advertising through these customers online . Of course , a cafe would also have occasional visitors , those coming in just once or twice a week , and Smartbeat wants to help turn those into daily regulars by helping the business get to know these visitors better , and entice them into coming back more often by targeted advertising or well - timed offers . The presence analytics may help a business owner see how often a visitor is in the area , and how often they come in vs how often they just walk past , and suggest actions to take to get them coming in more often . The focus , Sainsbury and Trappitt explained , is always on the consumer . " You ' ve got people saying presence analytics is a bit like big brother and that sort of thing , but that 's not what we 're trying to educate businesses about . We 're saying there is really cool technology out there that can help you to connect better with your customers . There 's people that are n't interested and do n't want to give your their email address , so that email address is n't worth anything to you anyway , so you want to find those customers that are even just slightly engaged , " Trapitt said . " With those , it 's finding them and saying maybe , do you mind posting a review for us to move them from passer by , to visitor , to customer , to engaged customer , to raving fan . It 's just trying to move more people along that life cycle . " Smartbeat raised $ 250,000 in seed funding late last year , with $ 200,000 coming from WA businesswoman Ruth Murdoch . Having previously received an innovation grant from the City of Joondalup , the startup has been working with the council to help businesses in the region . The startup had been going out to talk to small businesses of all kinds over the last year , from the likes of golf clubs to pharmacies , cafes , and body shops before deciding to hone in again on its original focus on the hospitality space . At the moment , the WiFi device costs $ 250 , with access to the analytics dashboard costing $ 99 per month starting on a three month plan , with the cofounders saying that three months is a good length of time for customers to see whether the actions being suggested to them are working . After working across Perth over 2016 , Smartbeat will be launching Australia - wide this year .
Despite all the individual glory , startups are nothing without their ecosystems . From mentor advice to VC funding , even the likes of Uber and Snapchat needed help from their environment to make it to the top . And while entrepreneurs tend to play the lone wolf pretty well , a little help can go a long way , which is why Startup Weeks have been such a huge success . This week at Tampa Bay Startup Week powered by Chase for Business , hungry startups , thriving entrepreneurs , and interested investors will head to this warm Florida paradise to make connections , trade secrets , and learn more about the startup world than anywhere else . They 'll be treated to informative workshops , mentoring sessions , and celebrity talks that will make the entrepreneurial hairs on the back of their neck stand on end . Plus , with beautiful beaches , delicious food , and enough pirate lore to make your inner child jump for joy , this week will be nothing short of breathtaking . Additionally , Chase Basecamp , the hub for Startup Week activities for Tampa Bay Startup Week , will be held across two locations this year . First , Basecamp will be held at the Rialto Theater in Tampa from Monday , Feb. 13 through Wednesday , Feb. 15 . Then , the festivities will move to the Station House in St. Petersburg the remaining days on Thursday , Feb. 16 and Friday , Feb. 17 . However , with so many events on the schedule , it can be hard to decide what to pick . Fortunately , we ' ve put together a must - see list of talks and workshops for each day to get your started . SP The Startup Showcase will take place on Day 1 ( Feb 13th ) of Startup Week at the Rialto from 5 pm - 6:30pm . Around 20 local companies will be showcasing and all attendees will have the chance to learn more about the amazing startups in your community ! Then stick around for the Official Kick Off Party where lead organizers , along with Mayor of Tampa Bob Buckhorn , will say a few words to start the party . SP In early 2017 , the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy announced their final version of their International Entrepreneurship Rule , which will allow the brightest entrepreneurs from across the globe to grow their companies and innovate in the U.S. to boost the American economy . Join FWD.us to learn about the White House 's International Entrepreneurship Rule and join our work in advancing common sense immigration reform solutions . You can also attend the Bootstrapped without being Strapped panel and read up on the latest advice on Tech . Co . Cofounder of Techstars Brad Feld will be Skyping into The Hip Room , next door to Chase Basecamp , to speak about how you can impact your startup community and how the community can support you back . Also , do n't forget to get a free professional headshot at Chase Basecamp . This session highlights why measurement will play an integral part in understanding and driving consumer demand for connected devices , and discusses some of the issues and challenges that need to be overcome before the true value proposition of the Internet of Things will be realized . SP Walk away from this session with five ways to be a diversity leader in your startup & examples of how it 's impacted the bottom line of businesses . Learn how to hire , retain , evaluate pay , offer flexible benefits , and build a diverse board and/or create a diverse mentoring program for your company 's diversity efforts . Then you can close out the week at the Official Startup Week Finale Block Party with Mayor of St. Petersburg Rick Kriseman and lead organizers . SP If you 're interested in attending the Tampa Bay Startup Week festivities , check out this link to attend . You wo n't want to miss out on all the entrepreneurial spirit flowing through this beautiful Florida city from February 13th to February 17th . This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESSis everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series .
Disrupt NY is right around the bend , and with it comes a brand new type of content : The Founder Spotlight . Each of these companies will have a total of 15 minutes to tell their story , from origin to potential pivot to real solution , with all the highs and lows that come with it . Today , I ' m pleased to announce three of the companies we 're highlighting at the Disrupt NY Founder Spotlight : Duo Security , Lemonade , and Tala . Founded in 2010 , Duo Security largely got its start securing companies ' internal and external apps via two - factor authentication . Since then , Duo has added new verification methods and additional means of securing client applications , whether they were delivered on - premises or through the cloud . Over the past several years Duo has seen huge demand for its products , which has driven annual recurring revenue to increase 135 percent over the past year , to $ 73 million for 2016 . Lemonade is looking to change the insurance business through a mobile - facing service that speeds up enrollment and reduces fraud . Lemonade 's policies for renters and homeowners insurance start at $ 5 and $ 35 a month , respectively . Those prices are two to four times less than the industry standard . The company uses the full complement of buzz words to describe its machine learning - based , algorithmically driven , technology that it claims can better and more quickly approve and pay out claims to policy holders at a lower price . Tala is a mobile tech and data science company that is changing financial services in emerging markets . Tala is able to evaluate an applicant 's creditworthiness and capacity simply using the data on their mobile device , meaning Tala can offer credit to those who have no formal credit or banking history . Tala customers can view their credit status , track payments , get reminders and ask for help , along with making and receiving payments . Tala has raised more than $ 40 million since inception . With Founder Spotlight , we want to highlight both the business itself , as well as the human story behind some of the world 's most interesting , up - and - coming startups . Duo Security , Lemonade and Tala will be joined by a number of other high - profile speakers , which you can check out here . But the only way you can see these talks live is to get yourself a ticket to Disrupt NY and come hang out with us during New York 's most beautiful time of the year . Ca n't wait to see you there ! Sponsors make TechCrunch Events possible . If you 're interested in learning more about sponsorships with TechCrunch , shoot an email to sponsors@techcrunch.com .
The quick answer is sometimes -- and always with eyes wide open . As a serial founder who devolved into a venture capitalist five years ago , I ' ve wrestled with this question . In fact I ' ve struggled with it my full 20 years in tech . My baptism by fire with trust and venture capital came during my tenure at my first company , Spinner , which I co - founded with my current partner Dave Samuel . After our Series A , one of our investors , acting on reasons only known to himself , decided to shake up our little startup . He confided in me that everything was copacetic , but then also told Dave that I was in over my head as president and diminishing Dave 's CEO role . Dave and I eventually uncovered the investor 's game , but because of our inexperience at the time we did n't know how to shut him down completely . The investor called a board vote to demote me . Thanks to every other board member , he lost . After the vote , I tried to buy back the investor 's stake in Spinner but failed . Nine months later we were acquired for $ 320 million , making all parties involved big winners . This is the sort of thing that happens far too often , and causes a lingering bad taste in founders ' mouths . It can last for years . The positive result of the situation is a heightened sensitivity to being brutally honest with my fellow venture capitalists and , more importantly , with every founder I back . So , when should you trust a venture capitalist , and when should you prepare for battle ? Let 's start with fundraising . Do n't trust . Most people agree that negotiating your first term sheet with your venture capitalist is not the time for a founder to bare their soul . Your personal and company interests are not aligned with your prospective venture capitalist 's . Frequent communication , openness and honesty on both sides will encourage better behavior and more compromise . While you both may agree that your impending marriage is a match made in heaven , each side of the table is seeking to optimize funding terms for him / herself . The venture capitalist who values your long - term relationship will seek standard terms and be clear and upfront with how his / her agenda differs from yours . You should address this potential disconnect up front by making it clear that you understand and expect standard terms . That aside , it 's the exceptional investor that should be trusted at this stage , and even then only about communicating what is standard and what is not . Mixed trust . Raising subsequent rounds can test your alignment with prior investors , whether or not they are seeking to lead the capital event or just follow - on . If the investor in question wants to lead the round , go back to our previous " Your first time " section . Hopefully some trust will have been earned on both sides , but again , recall that both sides will seek to optimize the terms for their own benefit . When it comes to existing investors following - on in a round , alignment is murkier . Most investors want to maximize valuation at this stage . That juices investor markups , of course , and is generally in line with your interests . It gets tricky around pro rata and super pro rata in oversubscribed rounds . Interests can diverge when the amount you want to raise does n't permit the new investors ' desired ownership percentage unless the existing investors back off their legal pro rata rights . This is the epitome of a First World Problem , but it can encourage bad behavior by founders and investors alike . To get around the issue , some early - stage investors will surreptitiously steer companies toward " friendly " later - stage investors that may be more permissive about extant investor pro rata rights . And , some founders might attempt to tamp down existing investor demands by not sharing deal terms until the final hour , even signing term sheets without advance discussion with their prior capital partners . I believe that frequent communication , openness and honesty on both sides will encourage better behavior and more compromise . There is no silver bullet . Mixed trust . Nothing has the potential to unearth more visceral misalignment across all the startup actors than a sale . Investor versus investor . Investor versus founder . Founder versus founder . Unicorn sales typically do n't create dissent because everybody wins enough to be supportive . In other words , the price is high enough that no one wants to go on record as being obstructionist . Acqui - hires and modest sales , on the other hand , are rife with conflicts of interest . When you are ready to sell because you believe the company ca n't survive as an independent company ( sub $ 50 million price ) , most investors will generally be supportive . Where interests can diverge is around distribution of the " sale proceeds . " Many acquiring companies will typically try to reserve more of the value for management and employees of the company even at the expense of the legal equity ownership of the investors . In other words , acquirers can arbitrarily decide to reserve more of the purchase price for management than the cap table dictates . As startups age and move up - cycle , venture capitalists focus even less on what 's best for the founder and even more on what 's best for the company . In addition to seeking the highest purchase price , you should also seek to maximize your payout through personal equity and salary deals with the acquirer . Sometimes these personal deals come at the expense of a higher selling price for the company . Because you , sometimes , must bear the price of indentured servitude to clinch the acquisition , it is understandable you would seek additional compensation in an acqui - hire . Investors ultimately can block the sale , you can decide to walk and/or the acquirer can pull its offer . All are playing a delicate game . The best you can hope for here is that the relationship between you and the investor transcends this single deal , encouraging both of you to be up front about your needs and all your exchanges with the acquirer . It should be us ( VC and founder ) versus them ( acquirer ) . Do n't trust . Duh . You always have to watch your back as a founding or non - founding CEO unless your company is doing really well . Many investors wo n't be honest with you when their minds are made up -- until it 's too late . Not that there 's anything wrong with this , but as startups age and move up - cycle , venture capitalists focus even less on what 's best for the founder and even more on what 's best for the company . You always want to stay ahead of the criticism by owning your weaknesses / failings and your plan for addressing them . Always ask for critical performance reviews so you can gauge the board 's current opinion of you . A primer for more effective CEO management of the board and investors deserves its own post . Other areas of potential conflict include compensation , board composition , hiring , cash flow / burn , revenue generation and more than I can mention . Most conflicts between venture capitalists and founders arise out of differing agendas , miscommunication , lack of communication and inexperience -- not malicious deception . No one is right or wrong , but rather just on different sides of a deal . That 's business . I 'll end with an especially scary story about succession from one of our portfolio companies -- because war stories are really what you most want to read about . We led a founder 's seed round with a paltry ( by today 's standards ) $ 100,000 investment . The founder raised his Series A from two well - known VCs and Freestyle stepped off the board as we typically do at this stage . One year later , the VCs abruptly fired the founder . It surfaced that the VCs wanted to oust the founder prior to investing , but clearly felt that honesty would have killed their deal . Knowing the founder as I do , it 's likely that the VCs ' fears were unfounded . Freestyle spent considerable time with the founder helping him process being forced out of the very company he started . Karma prevailed -- though at great financial cost to the company and emotional cost to the founder . After the CEO hired by the Series A investors spectacularly failed , the investors begged the founder to return . The founder agreed , after receiving a substantial equity grant and stripping the investors of their board seats . The story continues ...
Attention , nerds : This is the party game for you . " Pitch Deck " is kind of like " Cards Against Humanity " for the startup scene -- it takes something terrible ( like enduring a bad business pitch or institutional racism ) and turns it into something hilarious . Players combine a " Company Card " on the table ( like " Tinder for ... " ) with a " Pitch Card " from their hands ( like " Lonely confused men " ) and then everyone makes a quick pitch for their startup . One person plays the investor and decides which company everyone will secretly fund for the round . The person who pitched the most valuable company and the investor who put the most money in that company both win . Pitch Deck , developed by game makers Fred Benenson and Alex Hague , has already surpassed its $ 20,000 fundraising goal on Kickstarter . " Comedy is one of the best ways to critically question our assumptions about the world , " says the Kickstarter . " And even though Pitch Deck is just a goofy card game , it helps explore some of the biases and absurdities inherent in technology and business . " The game is expected to ship in June of this year .
At any startup event , a couple questions are bound to come up : How can we hire the right people ? How can we craft a healthy company culture ? But the biggest by far is also the simplest . How do we pay for everything ? At this week 's Tampa Bay Startup Week , powered by Chase for Business , four experienced founders , entrepreneurs and experts formed a panel to answer just that , in a wide - ranging discussion covering investments , seed rounds and crowdfunding . The panel , titled " Bootstrapping without being Strapped , " included : Albert Lee , President of Tampa Bay BBIC ; Sandra Anderson , Vice President of Credit Administration at Sunshine State Economic Development ; Charles Long , lead economic development specialist at the U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) ; and Sudhir Venmuri , of NIC Infotek . You can check out an entire video of the Tampa Bay Startup Week event below , but here 's a quick look at some of the best tips the panel members had to offer about the fundraising process . Since the U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) is dedicated to providing a variety of forms of assistance to small businesses , Charles Long 's day job naturally came up . The SBA partner with banks , along with other non - bank lenders and credit unions . Here 's what he had to say on the ways the SBA can help a startup founder : " One of the things we 're most known for is guaranteed loans for small businesses . It can be difficult to get a startup loan , so that is one of those key areas that we [ provide help ] and we have a number of programs to make that happen . " The first step : " There is a lot of good free counseling . We have a couple of paid resource partners who can actually help small businesses put their ducks in a row before you approach a bank or approach any kind of lender . The counseling that 's out there is one of the key things that I always tell small business owners that they really should take advantage of before they go looking for actual lending dollars . " Albert Lee spoke on the hardest part of figuring out your startup game plan : The financial aspect . " Banks look for cash flow . If I ' m an investor I ' m looking for cash flow , because that cash flow is what 's going to pay me back my investment . It 's also what 's going to allow us to build up equity in the business so that at some point we can roll out of this thing and cash out . Numbers are important and you have to pay attention to that . " Focusing on the business plan alone is n't a safe bet , Lee says : " For me personally , I want to see an emphasis on the marketing plan and I want to see an emphasis on projections . I do n't necessarily have to have a 50-page business plan . " From Sandra Anderson : " I ' m always looking for thoughtful business plans , people who have really taken the time to really understand what they 're getting into and they have contingencies , backups , family . " Sudhir Venmuri spoke from past experience : " I worked for ten years , so I had some savings and then I started my business with those savings immediately . When my business closed , that 's when I started taking the help of Chase Bank . Chase has given me a line of credit and then I was able to use that to grow my business and also to feel more secure in the business . " How can you figure out what line of credit you 're qualified for ? By keeping track of any metrics your business has clocked up until now . Remember , banks and loan programs are interested in the numbers . From Lee : " People do n't know how much money to ask for . If you do have a track record and you have a pretty good sense of how your business is tracking -- how it 's growing -- then it makes it a little bit easier for you to come up with an amount that you need . You may only get one shot at the apple . " Technology has made funding more available than ever , Lee holds , and one modern - day example is the phenomenon of crowdfunding , notable for allowing entrepreneurs to determine whether their concept can muster a groundswell of attention : " Crowdfunding is way for you to also find out whether or not people are receptive to your idea . That was something that certainly did n't exist 10 or 15 or 20 years ago that is available to you now , and if people like your idea they can make a decision as to whether or not they want to invest in it or fund it . " Here 's the entire hour - long panel discussion at Tampa Bay Startup Week , complete with a Q&A , from Tech . Co 's Facebook page . Whether you opt for savings , loans , or crowdfunding , the options and -- perhaps more importantly -- the counseling services at Tampa Bay are open to all interested small business owners . Image : Wikimedia This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series .
Some people think that great companies only come from the coasts . They believe that New York and San Francisco have bogarted so much talent and capital that there 's no way anyone outside of these tech hubs could possibly create , develop , and sell something of value to the people of the world . And the only thing I have to say to them is that you 're missing out on a lot of great companies from around the country . Last week , I judged the Delta Entrepreneurship Network Pitch Competition , put on by the Delta Regional Authority at New Orleans Entrepreneur Week . I saw a bevy of passionate entrepreneurs from great companies spanning the middle of the country from Missouri to Alabama . And while every startup demonstrated their undeniable value in the national startup ecosystem , two startups stood out as the winners of the pitch competition : Somavac Medical Solutions and HABERDAShe . " Delta Regional Authority is proud to showcase all these Delta businesses that will contribute to the growth of our region and will be a part of our efforts to help create jobs and let the world know that the Delta is open for business , " said Chris Masingill , chairman of the DRA . " All of our participants embody the entrepreneurial spirit that is thriving across the Delta , and they will play a vital role in the continued economic development and job creation in our communities . " Somavac Medical Solutions won the judged competition that took place on Tuesday . They are creating a wearable suction device for the removal and collection of post - surgical fluids after major surgeries , like mastectomies and hernia repairs , that affects more than 750,000 patients a year in the US alone . " This is an incredible opportunity to help build our business and give it the boost it needs to gain more publicity and attention , " said Josh Herwig , cofounder of Somavac . HABERDAShe , on the other hand , won the " Crowd Favorite " award at the showcase the following night . This company is a made - to - measure brand for women 's suiting using a virtual fit digital platform . 3D body scanning extracts customer measurements , virtual fitting rooms mimic the weight , and drape of the fabric so the customer can experience the garment on a personal avatar . Then , computer aided design software ( CAD ) allows us to make one garment at a time to each customer 's fit specifications . " This experience with the DRA has been a great opportunity to network with emerging entrepreneurial talent in the Delta region and I am grateful for this access to technical experience and mentorships , " said Smydge Perry , founder of HABERDAShe . At the pitch competition , each of these startups had that intangible spark that you need to be success in the business world . Somavac 's team was diligent , prepared , and well - researched , all while pitching a product that would not only save money , but would also save lives . HABERDAShe , represented by Perry , demonstrated that passion and know - how can get you a long way , showing off her knowledge of the fashion world and the innovation that 's required to solve its biggest problems . Follow these startups , because they 're going places . Read more about the New Orleans startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co
Recently , I published an article about 17 South African startups to watch out for 2017 . The piece included a range of well - known companies that achieved some pretty amazing things in 2016 , such as Zoona , OfferZen , and Rainfin . Among those included was micro - jobbing platform M4JAM , which had to be sold last year . Apparently , this has caused some consternation among a few readers . I think it 's time to add in my two cents to this topic . What spurred me on to write this opinion piece was the culmination of two tweets by the same author ( and without mentioning names in order to avoid social media ' dog - piling ' ) . One of them read : " [ ... ] articles like that hurt rather than help the industry / entrepreneurs wanting to get started in it " . To me , this is a very narrow - minded statement and one that does n't just hurt startups , but businesses overall . I hate using such a crass and ignorant word , but the reality is that startups " fail " . There 's the generalisation that nine out of 10 business fail . Hell , a large portion of business do n't even make it past year one . The failure of companies can happen for a number of reasons , such as ill - management , products that do n't work in the market , going into business with the wrong people , and more . In the case of M4JAM , it 's a startup that actually succeeded for a while . The company had managed to find investment , pulled in a big name , and even purchased another company . Now that 's the kind of success that entrepreneurs strive towards . Unfortunately , it fell apart . Last year , M4JAM 's founder , Andre Hugo , confirmed to then Ventureburn reporter , Stuart Thomas , that the company needed to find a buyer , otherwise it would close down . It 's never been publicly stated what lead to this turn of events for a startup that was on the rise . Not long after , it was announced that M4JAM had actually found a buyer in the form of Informal Solutions . A re - launch was on the horizon , but M4JAM has been a bit on the quiet side over the past few months . Then we come to the second tweet that was asked of me : " How is a co that fails / goes bankrupt ' one to watch ? ' " The answer is that it 's not failure , but rather a show of promise , if not for M4JAM , then for other businesses in similar situations . The sale of a company on its way out is n't something to scoff at or look down upon , but it is something to give hope to those wanting to start their own company . The irony is that both of those tweets were sent from an iPhone , which is a product created by Apple . This is a company that saw one of the biggest comebacks in business history . To summarise Apple 's story : after Steve Jobs was ousted from the company he had founded , the position of CEO was given to John Sculley , a man who had previously held the same position at Pepsi Co. After numerous product flops and going through another two CEOs , Jobs was eventually brought back to a company that was on the verge of bankruptcy . He began restructuring the company , Apple launched the iMac in 1998 and , well , the rest is history . Not bad for a company that almost filed for bankruptcy to having a market value of US$ 605-billion . According to Ventureburn 's stats for 2016 , over 30% of you will have read this article on an Apple device . Apple is n't the only company to rise from the ashes after falling profits and products . A few of these comebacks can be seen in everyday brands , such as Marvel Comics , Nintendo , Converse ( which actually filed for bankruptcy ) , Netflix , Starbucks , and even Lego . All of these brands had massive failures in some way or another , and eventually bounced back . In no way am I saying that M4JAM will make a comeback and be the company it once was ( that 's up to the decisions of its new management regime and their product strategy -- I have no horse in that race ) . What I am saying is do n't count out a company because it failed in the past . It 's a very narrow - minded approach to have . Feature image : Christopher Ross via Flickr . Nice one Graham . Brilliantly handled . Failure should not be seen as a loss . Rather an opportunity to pursue an even better path . I sure hope M4JAM rises out of the ashes .
A new infographic has been released which shows why Cape Town is the startup capital of Africa . The report has been compiled with the efforts of the City of Cape Town , Invest Cape Town , Wesgro , CiTi and Silicon Cape . The data has been compiled from a number of resources , such as the FNB Property Barometer , SAVCA 2015 Venture Capital Survey and World Economic Forum Global Rankings 2016 . " The resources clearly show why the Cape is the leading tech hub in Africa . It is because of our skills pipeline , which is unmatched on the continent , combined with the quality of life and infrastructure in the Cape , and our established funding and support institutions , " says CEO of Wesgro , Tim Harris , in a press release to Ventureburn . " This means that we are the home to large tech corporates like Amazon Web Services and Naspers , and the largest set of tech startups in Africa . " " The long - term economic impact of attracting international tech businesses to the Cape is significant for the region and the country . Beyond the obvious inflow of financial resources , it will make it easier for our local startups to attract local and international investment , " adds Harris . Some interesting insight from the data : " The open sharing of this information and material is important because it means that many more people in the extended ecosystem can confidently speak about what the Cape has to offer and why it is the leading tech hub . The more voices we have sharing this message , the more impact we will have , " writes the director of Silicon Cape , Alex Fraser . The items are released under the Creative Commons BY - SA licence in order for anyone to use . According to Fraser , the data has already been used for a number of trade delegations , as well as the mission to Silicon Valley in October 2016 . " We presented them to Roelof Botha of Sequoia and received positive feedback . Which , as you can imagine , was very rewarding , " says Fraser . Click here [ PDF ] to view the Cape Town Tech Sector Slide Deck 2017 . Click here [ PDF ] to view the Cape Town Tech Sector Infographic 2017 .
Even if you love your job , the minutiae of your everyday tasks can get pretty boring over time . Whether it 's filling in data sheets or making sales calls , work life can be harder when you do n't have someone to share it with . Fortunately , in most office settings , there are a number of employees that share your angst when it comes to the startup grind . And if you want to make sure work is easy everyday , you need to get yourself a work best friend . According to a study conducted by professors from the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Minnesota , having a friend at work makes you more productive . The facts are undeniable that friendships in the workplace have a positive effect on the company culture and the work that gets done . Here are five benefits that come from having a work best friend : According to the study , friends at work were notably more inclined to communicate with their coworkers . Because of their shared experience and extensive past , pointing out mistakes and sharing successes was not impeded by awkward social cues and concern about hurting someone 's feelings . When friends work together , it 's about more than just the work project . Friends collaborating creates a feeling of necessity to complete the work , not just for the company , but for the sake of their friendship . Because the only thing worse than making your boss angry is letting down a friend . Work best friends do n't only have a positive effect on employees ; they also benefit the company as a whole . Employees are significantly less inclined to quit a job at which they have a friend . This means less turnover for employers , and more productivity in the long run . Establishing a productive company culture can be difficult . Sure , happy hours and team building activities are great , but if you do n't have anyone actually engaging , they 'll just end up as wasted time . But when friends work together , they relish any opportunity they get to socialize outside of work , spurring a community aspect to your company that would otherwise go unattainable . In the simplest of terms , having a friend at work is fun . It makes coming to the office enjoyable and keeps work projects from feeling like a chore . Whether it 's an early morning meeting or a late - afternoon presentation , having someone to gossip with , to joke around with , or to just chat with will always make employees happy to come into work .
The UK Department for International Trade 's ( DIT ) gamified pitching event , Startup Games , wrapped up its first Australian event yesterday at The Mint in Sydney , with local fintech startup Nod securing victory . SP The event saw over fifty entrepreneurs pitching to a crowd of investors for virtual seed capital , which could be awarded to them using the Startup Games app . SP Each participant also heard keynote addresses from a lineup of local and international startup names including Redballoon founder Naomi Simson , cofounder of UK accelerator The Bakery London , and lead of Tyro , Andrew - Corbett Jones . SP At the end of the day , Nod was declared the winner after earning over GBP$110 million ( AUD$177 million ) in virtual funds . SP Nod , which is developing an online platform which connects everyday users and businesses with questions regarding money to professional financial advisors on - demand , will reap the competition 's rewards through a trip to the UK . SP Here , the startup will participate in London Tech week , where the team will be exposed to mentoring and support from a network of VCs , angel investors and successful entrepreneurs . Previously speaking about the event 's announcement in January , Director General for the UK DIT in Australia and New Zealand , Nick McInnes , said the purpose of UK trip is to help Australian startups learn about UK expansion . " The UK offers a very friendly environment for Australian startups looking to grow their business internationally . Some of the reasons why startups should consider the UK include low tax rates , access to finance and world - class hubs and accelerators , " he said . Discussing yesterday 's event , British Consul General for DIT Australian and New Zealand , Michael Ward , said the organisation looks forward to working with Nod to help them lay the foundations for future the in the UK . " Yesterday provided a fantastic opportunity for the startup community to come together , practice their pitches and receive advice from leaders in their field . We look forward to working with Nod on a programme for their trip to London , " said Ward . Nod 's cofounder , Joel Robbie , said he and his fellow cofounders are looking forward to the trip , and hopes the experience will propel their fintech platform . " We 're just getting our head around what the UK trip could mean for our company but we know it represents an amazing opportunity that we 'll take with both hands , " said Robbie . Coming in second place with GBP$65 million was Sydney healthtech startup Cancer Aid , which is working to allow cancer patients to track their treatment , while third place went to betting app Punt Club with $ 54 million . SP The Startup Games emerged from the DIT 's flagship Global Entrepreneur Program , which aims to create initiatives that will attract high quality startups to the UK . SP Last year 's event was held over two days in Rio de Janeiro to coincide with the Olympics , and also saw fifty startups participating .
If you were starting a business 20 years ago , you 'd typically spend most of your time running around town searching for customers , investors , and mentors . In a single day , you might only have time for one meeting with a customer and another with an investor . If you were lucky , you could squeeze in a meeting with a mentor . Carving out time to work on your actual product generally meant sacrificing sleep . In the mid-2000s , accelerators such as Y Combinator and Techstars changed the startup world . Instead of founders having to go out to visit mentors , investors , and customers , accelerators made it possible for these groups to come directly to startups to offer their support . That remarkable shift was enough to propel the success of companies such as Dropbox , Airbnb , Reddit , and others . Several hundred successful accelerators now operate throughout the world , and most of them follow a similar model . For about three months , a group of startups ( usually 10 at a time ) work together in one location . During that time , these startups are surrounded by dozens of mentors and exposed to priceless resources and expert knowledge . Toward the end of the three - month period , customers and investors are invited to meet with the startups to decide whether they want to invest in or work with the companies . Unfortunately , not all accelerators are created equal . My company works with more than 80 accelerators around the world , and we have seen plenty of good and bad patterns along the way . I ' ve seen quite a few stories of tremendous growth after startups find a like - minded accelerator , but that does n't mean you should run out and join the first accelerator you stumble across . By now , you might think an accelerator is exactly what your startup needs . If you 're looking to help your startup blossom , an accelerator can definitely fuel your growth . But do n't assume an accelerator is your meal ticket to guaranteed success . This might sound confusing coming from a guy who oversees a network of accelerators , but the truth is that they simply are n't the best fit for every startup . Before you join one , be sure to conduct a thorough assessment of your business and goals . Here are four steps I would take before joining an accelerator : When I ask founders , " What do you need the most help with ? " they usually say capital and customers . That might be true , but every company needs those two ingredients -- even Google and Microsoft rely on capital and customers . I usually follow up with clarifying questions . Do they need $ 1 million or $ 100 million ? What kind of customers do they need ? Are those customers in the company 's market ? I want to help founders recognise blind spots and take an honest look at their company before seeking assistance . I visited Auckland , New Zealand , last year and spent time working with startup founders who needed funding . I was taken aback by how few of them had heard about ICE Angels or Lightning Lab , two amazing groups that are fueling the next wave of startups in the country . You might not even need an accelerator if you ' ve already found funding through one of these groups . I 'd encourage founders in emerging markets -- and really all over the world -- to do some research about what 's next door before they go globetrotting to find an accelerator . I ' m shocked by how many startups believe they must go " somewhere else " to get customers . When I was at my first startup , I often hopped on a plane instead of talking with customers in my backyard . Even if you do n't have a solid local audience , you can always build one . One of my good friends , Andy Stoll , invited entrepreneurs and innovators to Iowa City to attend EntreFEST . There was n't any sort of conference to bring together the startups , corporations , investors , and educators in and around Iowa , so Andy decided to build one from scratch . It 's now one of the preeminent startup conferences in the U.S. Once you ' ve taken the previous steps , you should ask each accelerator you 're considering whether it has mentors and customers who can help you work through the exact problems you face . If you 're trying to reach certain customers , can they help you find them ? Can the accelerator help you source the sort of funding you need ? You also should n't be afraid to ask for the names of experts who work with the accelerator . If accelerator officials are n't able to give you a solid answer or seem overly vague , consider it a red flag that they probably do n't have the tools necessary to help you . Thankfully , you probably do n't have to go far to find people and resources that can help you build your company . Next time you catch yourself dreaming about -- or dreading -- flying across the globe in search of resources , take a moment to seek potential investors and customers in your own community . They 'd probably love to help you build your dream right where you are . Feature image : Susanne Nilsson via Flickr .
Startup activity is happening in the most unlikely of places . The # StartupEverywhere series , developed by Engine , is designed to celebrate these diverse , vibrant entrepreneurial ecosystems growing across the U.S. These profiles will dive into the challenges faced by these communities and look at what sets them apart from the traditional technology hubs . Lucas Lindsey , Executive Director of Domi Station , a Tallahassee - based entrepreneurial support organization , is all about building a diverse ecosystem in his community . This time for the # StartupEverywhere series , he talks with me about breaking down barriers , investments , diversity , grassroots movements and the impact of public policies . I ' m the Executive Director of Domi Education , a 501(c)(3 ) economic development organization with a mission focused on educating and empowering entrepreneurs . We believe entrepreneurship support is the most sustainable and cost - effective economic development strategy . Our vision is to play a central role in building the most diverse startup community in the Southeast . We empower and amplify the work of others . Today Domi is a startup incubator and coworking space , but we 're always adapting to meet the needs of North Florida 's evolving ecosystem . We offer programs , resources , and events that help entrepreneurs start and scale sustainable companies . Our regional network enables us to match our members to seasoned mentors , investors , and industry advisors . Read more on how your startup could get noticed by investors First , there 's an unprecedented level of collaboration in Tallahassee . Organizations are partnering like never before , aligning strategic plans , co - funding shared programs , co - developing new initiatives . It 's really exciting . Second , Tallahassee has an opportunity to lead on inclusion . By creating partnerships across organizations and neighborhoods , we have the chance to upend the stereotype of the South and build a startup community that breaks down barriers . Domi is well positioned as a central connector and collaborative broker . Finally , we have growing access to capital . A year and a half ago , the Florida Angel Nexus started a Tallahassee chapter , which has impacted our community . They ' ve already invested $ 1.7 million across eight deals , and they 're planning to launch their own fund within the next year . Tallahassee 's universities are doing excellent research and have successfully commercialized a number of technologies . Additionally , they are producing quality graduates who are passionate about technology and well prepared for roles in the startup economy . There has also been a number of grassroots movements among the students to create tech - focused groups , such as ( an interdisciplinary student group that focuses on teaching people to code and product development ) and HackFSU ( a student - organized hackathon ) . SP Tallahassee and Leon County are a case study in progressive local policy support . Leon County kicked things off early on by partnering with Domi . They created a long - term affiliation agreement , renovated a centrally located warehouse that 's now home to Domi Station , abated our rent ( allowing us time to develop a track record ) , and they 're constantly looking for opportunities to assist startups as an early client or promotional partner . The City of Tallahassee , led by Mayor Andrew Gillum , has also taken a progressive approach . They brought us a TechHire designation , have begun architecting tech workforce development programs , and launched the Tallahassee Innovation Partnership , which is a pitch series that connects startups to procurement officials in local government , state government , and higher education . We face real challenges across the board . None are insurmountable , but each one takes strategy and vision to tackle head - on . Our biggest need is a bullpen of serial entrepreneurs with industry experience and technical chops -- not easy for a small city that 's long relied on higher education and state government to fuel its economy . I ' m keeping my eye on : Read more about ecosystems around the country at Tech . Co This article is courtesy of Engine 's # StartupsEverywhere series , a campaign celebrating the diverse , vibrant entrepreneurial ecosystems that are taking root in every corner of the country . Through weekly profiles of startup ecosystem leaders , the project showcases exciting developments in a variety of rising startup communities . If you are interested in having your ecosystem featured , shoot an email to monica@engine.is
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > In Major League Baseball today , teams strive to build winning franchises and billion - dollar businesses that reach far beyond the diamond by capitalizing on a wide spectrum of markets and audiences . Nowhere has that journey been more dramatic than in the wired heart of San Francisco 's high - tech universe , where the San Francisco Giants have excelled on several fronts . Last season , the team hit a major milestone and moved just behind the Boston Red Sox to steal the second - longest sellout streak in Major League Baseball from the Cleveland Indians , selling out 456 consecutive regular - season games at AT&T Park . What 's more widely known are the team 's World Series wins in 2010 , 2012 and 2014 , and while we 're about to kickoff an " odd year " the 2017 squad has back many of the star players that brought them victory in years past . What 's more , SP even in the down years when the team was n't winning the pennant , the Giants sold every seat . Since opening the new ballpark doors in 2000 , the team has welcomed more than 50 million fans . The Giants have done it by appointing executives with a keen sense of product - market fit , such as SVP and CIO Bill Schlough , who became the first CIO ever appointed by a professional sports team when he joined the Giants in April 1999 . I recently had the chance to speak with Schlough , who shared lessons he 's learned over the years . He covered the intricacies involved in fostering a brand that maintains one of the most loyal fan bases in sports today . Many of Schlough 's lessons translate for startup founders building their target audience and customer base in highly competitive markets . The Giants do n't only compete on the field , Schlough said . " We think of ourselves as a member of several markets : baseball , broadcast , entertainment , real estate . But , ultimately , we 're in the happiness business . Our product is bringing joy to our fans . " Of course , different people have very different ideas of what joy is -- and not everyone who goes to a Giants game is there solely for the joy of baseball . As Schlough noted , " If we just focused on baseball fans , we 'd sell 15,000 to 20,000 tickets each game . There 's much more to it than that . " There 's garlic fries , of course . There 's Wi - Fi ( the Giants were the first team to install it ) . There are craft beers and a new " virtual reality experience . " Additionally , there are special events that target specific demographics , such as Jerry Garcia Tribute Night , Cancer Awareness Night and Yoga Day . There is a Star Wars Day and even a Peanut Allergy Friendly Day . In all , there are 33 special days and nights that attract fans that otherwise might not buy a ticket to a baseball game . By targeting specific demographics with added features to the game - viewing experience , the Giants are able to attract additional viewership that would otherwise be absent . Fans these days -- and particularly fans in San Francisco -- demand top - flight technology perks . They want connectivity , multimedia viewing options and even virtual reality . All are vital to selling tickets . But , Schlough warned that it 's not always an advantage to being an early adopter of seemingly cool technology , noting , " You ca n't be an early adopter in everything . " While it 's nice to be first to implement a new technology , it does n't come without pain . It can be extremely valuable to take advantage of your competitors testing out new technologies and then learn from their mistakes . Schlough and his team first focused on tech - centric perks like Wi - Fi , dynamic pricing and seat upgrades . But , even these were challenging to execute at first . Though an eventual success , pervasive and reliable connectivity was difficult . Electric turnstiles for transferable tickets and upgrades also seemed like a great idea , and although it was buggy at first , new scanning technology rendered the original system obsolete . These experiences reminded the Giants that it almost always takes consumer feedback and trial and error before great ideas work well . Ultimately , these are lessons that almost any business should take to heart when thinking about its position in the marketplace . Businesses should also remember that efforts should be focused on their target market first , because even the best product ca n't entice everyone . And when they add new features and products , it needs to be done deliberately , all the while being flexible to insert key consumer feedback back into the product . After all , you ca n't make the market fit your product , but you can always pivot to get the perfect product - market fit . SP Sean Jacobsohn is a venture investor at Norwest Venture Partners and former SaaS executive with broad technology , sales and business development expertise . He focuses on early to late stage investment opportunities in enterprise cloud , ...
Otto , winner of the hot new startup award at the 10th Annual Crunchies Awards , had a whirlwind year . The company came out of stealth in May 2016 , revealing its plan to develop self - driving technology for semi - trucks . In August Uber purchased the company and all - star team to help expand its autonomous efforts . Then in October an Otto - powered truck made its first delivery , hauling 50,000 Budweiser cans from Fort Collins , Colo. , to Colorado Springs . The company was co - founded by former Google engineers . Anthony Levandowski and Don Burnette worked on Google 's self - driving effort . Lior Ron was head of product at Google Maps and Clair Delaunay worked as a robotics program lead . Other engineers at Otto have worked at Tesla , Apple and Google . According to Bloomberg , Uber does n't want to dismantle this team of 91 employees , so Levandowski will lead Uber 's self - driving project , and the existing Otto office in San Francisco will become an Uber R&D center . SP Otto focuses on self - driving technology that could be fitted into trucks that are already on the road now . In other words , Otto does n't want to develop its own self - driving vehicles -- the startup chose to focus on some sort of self - driving kit instead . Otto makes its own LIDAR sensors . This fits perfectly into Uber 's strategy as the company does n't want to become a car manufacturer . Instead , Uber has been looking at partnerships with existing car manufacturers , such as Volvo , in order to turn their cars into self - driving cars using Uber 's proprietary technology . So get ready for Uber 's self - driving kit . Otto previously announced that it intends for its technology to enter the long - haul freight business in 2017 and if its 2016 is any indication , the company has the velocity to do much more . SP
Remitly has something to say about the current immigration climate in the United States . The Seattle startup , which makes it easy for immigrants to send money to their families back home via a mobile app , launched a campaign this week designed to show the human stories behind those money transfers . # WhyIsend is a social media initiative highlighting the reasons Remitly 's customers relinquish portions of their paychecks . Here are some of their stories : " We send money to Mexico for things we take for granted here . I wish I could send more . " - Celia V. of Greeley , CO # WhyISend pic.twitter.com/CQfDJE9RRQ -- Remitly ( @remitly ) February 22 , 2017 " I ' ve lived in the US 5 years . # WhyISend ? Family . I want them 2 know I 'll help even when we 're miles apart . " -Roselynn W. in Charleston , SC pic.twitter.com/n0eCH54z2f -- Remitly ( @remitly ) February 15 , 2017 We 're from the lower class . Mom always worked very hard 2 feed us . It 's my turn 2 give 2 her . - Chris P. of Glendale Heights , IL # WhyISend pic.twitter.com/RpnwpLQhsm -- Remitly ( @remitly ) February 23 , 2017 " My girl and our new born son is # WhyISend to Mexico . " - Jose C. of Tucson , AZ https://t.co/sPUid7suBW pic.twitter.com/wxsHGvpRlE -- Remitly ( @remitly ) February 22 , 2017 I left family in the Philippines in ' 08 . It 's hard but I need to do this 4 their future . - Jhan L. in L.A. # WhyISend https://t.co/sPUid7suBW pic.twitter.com/ajhlHiSjis -- Remitly ( @remitly ) February 14 , 2017 In addition to the social media campaign , Remitly surveyed thousands of employees to collect data on why they send money home . Some of the key findings are included below . The campaign comes amid the Trump administration 's crack down on immigration and increased deportations . Remitly is concerned about the president 's promises to halt or tax remittances sent from the U.S. to Mexico . " I am constantly humbled and inspired by the way our customers contribute billions of dollars to the American economy while also selflessly sharing their hard - earned paychecks with loved ones back home , leaving very little left over for themselves , " Remitly CEO Matt Oppenheimer said in a press release . " These dollars make a big impact in local communities . For customers that send home $ 200-$300 on average , an additional tax on remittance would only take away from hard - working immigrants and their families in need on the receiving end . " Remitly said it processed $ 2 billion in remittances over the past 12 months , doubling the volume of transactions it handles . The app currently facilitates money transfers to ten countries in Latin America and Asia , including Mexico , India , and the Philippines .
Chris Neumann , general partner , 500 Startups SP It 's really hard to take a deep technology idea and nurture that idea until it grows into a real business , especially with the pressures of modern tech venture capital . 500 Startups thinks it can make that process a little easier . Starting this July , 500 Startups will launch a data - startup oriented track for startups working on big data and machine learning problems . Chris Neumann , who had been advising 500 Startups on this topic since January as entrepreneur - in - residence , is now joining the incubator as a venture partner and will lead the track . " The current model does n't work for enterprise data companies , " said Neumann , who founded DataHero and sold it to Portland - based Cloudability last year . " Maybe it takes longer than 18 months to build your MVP ( minimum viable product ) , and once you layer on top of that enterprise sales cycles , it turns into something very different " than experienced by the consumer - facing social media apps so popular among incubators and venture capitalists over the last few years . Also , founders of deep technology companies tend to be , well , immersed in deep technology problems and less aware of what it takes to turn a product demo into a customer pilot and eventually a sales commitment , Neumann said . VCs wo n't fund small companies until they ' ve demonstrated at least some traction , and first - time founders with great tech ideas often need help getting the business part off the ground . 500 Startups will bring in several advisers to help startups in this track , and applications can be submitted here . Editor 's Note : This post was updated with Neumann 's correct title .
Arivale CEO Clayton Lewis and co - founder Lee Hood , center , accept the award for Startup of the Year at the 2016 GeekWire Awards . ( GeekWire Photo ) SP The 2017 GeekWire Awards are less than a month away , so that means it 's time to vote for the iconoclastic tinkerers , entrepreneurs and business leaders who are reshaping the way we live , work and play . We 're kicking off online voting today , and we 're doing it in style with one of the biggest award categories : Startup of the Year . This year 's finalists are looking to revolutionize everything from transportation to retail to auto maintenance . The finalists also include a Fred Hutch spin - out that 's pioneering a treatment for Leukemia , and a well - funded cloud tech startup that 's led by the co - creators of Kubernetes . It 's one of the strongest finalist groups we ' ve ever seen . Now , it 's up to you to help pick the winner . To qualify for this award , startup companies had to be based in the Pacific Northwest and four years old or less . We received dozens of nominations from GeekWire readers , and our illustrious judging panel helped us winnow the group to the five finalists . You can read more about each company and cast your ballot for one of the five finalists for Startup of the Year in the poll below . Over the next two weeks , we 're opening voting in 14 GeekWire Awards categories , with GeekWire readers choosing their top picks from finalists selected by our panel of judges from community nominations . Check back on GeekWire each day to cast your ballots . All of the winners will be revealed at the GeekWire Awards -- presented by Wave Business -- on May 4 at the Museum of Pop Culture . Tickets are on sale for the big Awards show , but we sell out each year , so do n't snooze if you want to join the fun . Tickets available here . A big thanks to League for sponsoring the Startup of the Year category . And , since we all know startup life can be stressful with plenty of ups and downs , each of the five finalists in this year 's Startup of the Year category will receive a three - hour on - site visit from League 's team of certified massage professionals . You 'll be refreshed and limbered up by the time the Awards hit on May 4th ! SP Convoy : 10 - 4 good buddy ! This Seattle startup is making inroads in transforming the trucking industry , creating a more efficient way to match truckers with the loads they carry . It 's an $ 800 billion industry in the U.S. , and Convoy has some big believers . Led by former Amazon general manager Dan Lewis , Convoy raised $ 16 million in venture capital last year from a who 's who in the tech industry , including Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , LinkedIn co - founder Reid Hoffman , Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff , Greylock and others . It also scored a major coup earlier this year when it poached Tim Prouty -- formerly of Uber and Isilon -- as its engineering leader . Heptio : You do n't see many startup teams with the technical chops found at Heptio , which emerged last year with an $ 8.5 million series A investment from Accel and Madrona Venture Group . Heptio co - founders Craig McLuckie and Joe Beda were two of the original founders of the Google - based Kubernetes project , big names in the world of cloud computing and containerized software . Before that , they cut their teeth at Microsoft . Now , at Heptio , they see an opening to create a set of services around Kubernetes , an open source technology that helps developers manage large fleets of containers . It 's geeky stuff , and Heptio sees an opportunity . " It became clear to Joe and me that there 's a gap we 'd like to fill , which is providing this very neutral , open , community - friendly company to continue to evolve the agenda we started when were were inside Google , " McLuckie told GeekWire last fall . Nohla Therapeutics : A 2015 spin - out from the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center , Nohla Therapeutics is looking to transform the treatment of blood cancers through unique universal donor cellular therapies . The company , which uses technology originally pioneered by scientist and Chief Medical Officer Colleen Delaney , received a ringing endorsement last year when it scored a $ 43.5 million Series A investment from Arch Venture Partners , 5AM Ventures , and The Jagen Group , bringing total funding to $ 65 million . It also tapped pharmaceutical veteran Kathleen Fanning as its CEO earlier this year . ReplyYes : Seattle has a history of pioneering retail technology . And ReplyYes , led by startup vet and former Amazon general manager Dave Cotter , is looking to make the next stride in how products are sold . A spinout of Madrona Venture Labs , ReplyYes describes itself as a chat commerce startup , essentially making it easy for retailers to sell products via text message . It 's first offering , The Edit , is focused on vinyl record sales , and allows customers to purchase records by simply replying " yes " to an offer . " It 's ridiculously frictionless , " Cotter told GeekWire last year . ReplyYes has raised $ 6.5 million in startup financing . Wrench : Going to the auto mechanic shop to get your car fixed might rank right up there with dental visits . So , what if the auto mechanic came to you ? That 's the idea behind Wrench , a Seattle startup that brings car maintenance to your front door . Wrench , which raised $ 4 million in funding last month and is led by Seattle native and former InfoSpace exec Ed Petersen , currently operates its on - demand car mechanic service in Seattle , Phoenix , San Diego and Portland . Dubbed an Uber for car mechanics , Wrench 's network of mechanics will work on cars in driveways , parking garages or office parking lots , with the company saying it can complete about 80 percent of maintenance issues on site . The company employs 30 people .
Five months after pivoting away from its 99designs - like service to become a more relationship - based marketplace , Design Inc. announced that it 's reluctantly shutting down its self - service platform . The company cited less - than - expected traction and a flawed business model . While the service is no more , Design Inc. said the company is " not going anywhere just yet " and will be taking time to " figure out the answer " to what 's next . " We are still dedicated to bringing excellent product design and design thinking to the world , but we want to take a moment and reevaluate how we approach our offering , " the company wrote on its website , explaining the news . Launched in 2016 by Marc Hemeon and Bjoern Zinssmeister , Design Inc. wanted to be the " operating system for designers , " a valuable resource for creative professionals looking for jobs and building relationships . Initially , the idea was that companies would list out what they wanted and then designers would create it . The company later pivoted to its current incarnation , in which companies submit a Request for Proposal ( RFP ) and are matched with designers . In a Medium post , Hemeon said that " hundreds of companies " have benefited from the service but that " not everything has been working as planned . " He declined to cite specifics about what did and did n't work . At one point , Hemeon told VentureBeat that the company counted brands like Nike , Google , Twitter , GoPro , Adidas , Evernote , Netflix , Uber , and Salesforce as customers . Designers with an account on Design Inc. will receive refunds for outstanding credits over the next week . All data from accounts and profiles will be removed . Design Inc previously raised $ 2.3 million in venture funding backed by Harrison Metal , David Tisch 's BoxGroup , Collaborative Fund , O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures , Okapi Venture Capital , and 500 Startups .
The Department of Small Business Development aims to help startups and co - operatives to adopt digital technology to grow , Small Business Minister Lindiwe Zulu told MPs today . Presenting the Department of Small Business Development 's budget vote in Parliament today , Zulu said her department will help entrepreneurs to build the right digital capabilities . " The 4th Industrial Revolution , characterised by digitisation and automation , is gaining momentum . It will fundamentally change the way is which we live , work , transact and trade . " It thus stands to reason that the small business and co - operatives sector must future - proof their core business offerings and business models , in order to be part of a digitised world and economy , failing which they will fall behind and remain trapped in a survivalist mode , " said Zulu . She said the Small Enterprise Development Agency ( Seda ) will continue to provide entrepreneurs with help in digital innovation and product development , and in building digital supply chain and operating systems , digital marketing , sales and service . Zulu said the recent launch of the French - SA Tech lab in Cape Town , the second of two on the continent would help in this regard . The centre , which was launched in November , helps entrepreneurs to design and test their innovative IT solutions . Read more : French Tech launches first of its kind incubator in Cape Town She said the department is also looking to implement a transversal agreement with the Department of Telecommunications and Postal Services and its SMME ICT strategy and the Seda ICT incubator in Port Elizabeth . SP
500 Startups ' last class will be presenting next week , which means the firm is already underway getting another new class up and running . The majority of the startups in the 20th batch consist of digital health , financial technology and companies that supply technology and address inefficiency within the government . It 's , naturally , particularly timely . More than a third of the companies in this batch come from outside the U.S .. Here 's a quick rundown of the companies in the batch :
Since the launch of the African Business Angel Network ( ABAN ) in 2015 , there has been a noticeable growth in the amount of Angel Investors . " 2016 saw the rise of cross - border collaboration of Angel groups across the continent and an increasing focus on Angel investor education as their investments in startups continued to grow . We also saw a marked increase in the number of Business Angel Syndicates and Networks emerging , " said ABAN president , Tomi Davies , in a press release to Ventureburn . According to ABAN , Angel investor groups , networks , as well as initiatives have grown to over 40 across 25 African countries . They ' ve also revealed that more than 500 established and new investors based within Africa have participated in ABAN Masterclasses and bootcamps during 2016 . Some of ABANs highlights from 2016 include : According to ABAN , some of the lessons they ' ve learned over the last year or so include : Davies also commented on the state of the SA middle class saying , " Yes , we have problems , especially in the space of education , power and security . But we have something else -- a growing middle class with cars and university degrees and a youthful population with energy and drive . The rest of the world is excited about what we can achieve and ready to support us . But first , we must support ourselves . " ABAN has led and contributed to many events last year spanning across 17 major cities around the world . Six African countries and other nations across Europe , Asia and North America played host to some of ABAN 's biggest events .
While tech hubs like San Francisco and New York boast some of the most innovative companies in the world , the value of local ecosystems can not be understated , particularly when it comes to promoting diversity in tech . These smaller markets are filled with innovative ideas , hungry entrepreneurs , and enough passion to make Elon Musk blush . And if you want to see the power of a local ecosystem in full swing , New Orleans Entrepreneur Week was the place to do it . As the ninth annual festival kicked off last week , startup founders , tech leaders , and aspiring entrepreneurs descended on the beautiful Louisiana city in hopes meeting their next mentor , investor , cofounder , or new friend . Each day showcased a bevy of qualified startups , in addition to providing workshops , interactive discussions , and keynote speeches from Leslie Miley of Slack , Suzanne DiBianca of Salesforce , and many more to an ecosystem that is ready to explode onto the global scene . " It 's about showcasing the great work that the community is doing , " said Victoria Adams Phipps , executive producer of New Orleans Entrepreneur Week in an interview with Tech . Co . " The most interesting thing has been seeing interest from communities across the southeast that want to join in on the experience . " While some may shrug at the idea of an intimate conference in a non - tech hub city , the value of events like these are undeniable for budding ecosystems . Not only does it give founders and investors a chance to possibly meet their next big venture partner , it also allows the community of aspiring entrepreneurs to meet , greet , and be inspired by some of the most influential people in the tech world , as well as local business moguls that could turn their small pipe dream into a thriving New Orleans company . " With the size of New Orleans , we certainly have a lot more resources and opportunity than a lot of rural parts throughout the South and Delta region , " said Emily Madero , Acting CEO of The Idea Village and producer of New Orleans Entrepreneur Week in an interview with Tech . Co . " But at the same time , you feel this really welcoming , collaborative , and inclusive culture and there 's a real opportunity to be a big fish in a small pond . " Emily Madero ( left ) and Victoria Adams Phipps ( right ) Launched by The Idea Village in 2009 as the IDEAcorps Challenge , the festival was originally a program designed to engage MBAs and corporate volunteers from across the country . It developed through recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina , when business students decided that the best way to rebuild New Orleans was n't through infrastructure but through meaningful business growth . " Initially , we did n't set out to create a festival , " said Phipps . " New Orleans Entrepreneur Week grew out of recover efforts post - Hurricane Katrina . We were getting phone calls from MBA students from across the country who wanted to contribute to the recovery efforts , but they did n't necessarily want to come down and help rebuild someone 's roof . They wanted to leverage the skills they were building in business school and apply those to local companies . And they used us as a conduit for making those connections . " After nine years , clearly The Ideas Village is doing something right . Whether it 's the free entry that 's spurring anyone with an entrepreneurial bone in their body to participate or the commitment to supporting businesses from the area , this festival has became a staple of the New Orleans startup community , and the community as a whole . And , like any great company , the secret to their success lies within the team . " The secret to our success is the team , " said Madero . " We have an amazing team that , as individuals , are inspiring , hard working leaders . But also , this is a grassroots collaboration . It is n't a fancy tech conference with a high price of entrance that makes people feel removed as individuals . Everybody here has a part in bringing this to life . " Simply put , New Orleans Entrepreneur Week is what a tech conference should be . They ' ve created the perfect balance of professionalism and intimacy that would make even the strangest outsider feel welcomed , while nurturing the entrepreneurial spirit of everyone that walks into the event . Plus , in a city like New Orleans , being passionate and feeling like you belong is always on the menu . Well , that and beignets . Read more about the New Orleans startup ecosystem here at Tech . Co .
Symphony CEO David Gurle . Symphony Symphony , the secure chat app backed by some of Wall Street 's biggest banks , has raised $ 63 million ( PS48.8 million ) . Palo Alto - based Symphony announced on Tuesday that it has raised the sum from French bank BNP Paribas and its existing shareholders , which include Goldman Sachs and Google . Olivier Osty , BNP Paribas ' executive head of global markets , says : " Digital transformation is central to BNP Paribas Global Markets ' strategy , and collaboration with fintechs is a crucial part of that process . " BNP announced in February plans to double investment in technology to EUR3 billion ( PS2.5 billion , $ 3.2 billion ) over the next three years as part of plans to adapt to changing consumer behaviour and cut costs . Osty says : " Forming agile partnerships with exciting and innovative companies like Symphony helps us deliver an exceptional service to clients , and remain their partner of choice in a changing world . " Symphony is a like Slack for banks . It allows bankers and other people working in highly regulated environments to benefit from enterprise encryption and security while they chat online , either through text or voice . The platform has evolved , and third - party apps can be installed to show financial data , monitor sentiment on Twitter , and perform tasks such as charting . Partners include Dow Jones and IHS Markit . David Gurle , Symphony 's founder and CEO , says in a statement announcing the new investment : " This financing is a recognition of the value our customers have experienced as the Symphony community has grown . " Our customers ' desire to make Symphony their central platform and replace legacy tools is an endorsement of the efficiencies brought by an integrated collaboration platform and streamlined workflow . " Symphony will use the fresh funding to " accelerate expansion , to drive growth in both its current and new markets , and further build out its feature stack to deliver a new wave of innovation to enterprises and replace traditional collaboration tools . " Symphony has been spearheaded by some of Wall Streets biggest banks . Goldman Sachs , Bank of America Merrill Lynch , Citigroup , Credit Suisse , Deutsche Bank , Jefferies , Wells Fargo and Morgan Stanley bought chat app Perzo in October 2014 and invested over $ 60 million ( PS46.5 million ) into it to relaunch it as a financial chat app . Tuesday 's funding injection means it has raised over $ 200 million ( PS155.1 million ) . Google came on as an investor in 2015 . The investment from Wall Street banks back in 2014 was seen as a conscious effort to move away from reliance on Bloomberg terminals after a scandal in 2013 when it emerged that Bloomberg journalists could see what clients were reading on their terminals . Gurle has played down the rivalry with Bloomberg , telling Business Insider , Symphony 's goal is to replace workplace email , not Bloomberg . However , Bloomberg appears to see Symphony as a threat and has sought to lobby against the rival product in Europe . Symphony has over 200,000 paying users , up from 116,000 last October . Get the latest Goldman Sachs stock price here .
Enterprise EMEA 2017 is a great event for everyone looking for networking and business opportunities in the enterprise software industry . Hosted by Widebridge Group , the event is going to take place on May 23 in London and will bring togeter CEOs , CTOs , and CIOs from around the EMEA region . Enterprise EMEA is an invite - only event , but you can apply for an invite through the event 's website . Greg Wolf , founder of the Enterprise EMEA conference and Widebridge Group , stated : " With all the hype around consumer focused startups like Snap and Uber , none of them would be able to do what they do without enterprise software . Enterprise software is like the digital picks and shovels behind the success of all businesses , and is a much larger market than the consumer market . " According to the organisers , there is a lack of enterprise software events that encompass the entire enterprise , especially in Europe . That 's why Greg and his team created Enterprise EMEA , an event focused on enterprise technology - for the startups , investors , and the ultimate buyers of these companies . An event where all get together to foster more investments , more knowledge sharing and more deals . Several companies that attended last year 's edition of Enterprise EMEA have raised large rounds of funding or exited with big acquisitions over the last 12 months , such as London 's Weaveworks , which raised $ 15 million last May from Google Ventures and Accel , or PNMsoft , which was acquired by Genpact . SP Greg Wolf further explained : " Enterprise EMEA is unique in the enterprise tech world . Most of the large vendors like Cisco , Microsoft , SAP , etc . all have their own large events . We bring executives from all of those companies together to network with each other , with the startups and with the investors in their ecosystem . " Among the speakers and attendees will be representatives from companies like Microsoft , Salesforce and SAP as well as investors from firms such as Atomico , Lakestar , Index Ventures , Blackstone and KKR . One of the many even highlights will be a panel discussion on how EMEA enterprise startups can find success on a global scale . It will be joined by Balderton Capital 's managing partner Bernard Liautaud , who before joining Balderton , was the founder of BusinessObjects , which got acquired for $ 6.8 billion by SAP in one of Europe 's biggest enterprise tech exits till date . As mentioned in the beginning of this article , Enterprise EMEA is invite - only . To request an invite and for more details please visit the event 's website .
startup pitches . Company : Qubed . Headquarters : New York . Founding Team : Rob Kingyens , Ankit Dhir and Michael Godshall . Why we like it : Because when someone answers that in their spare time they check out the latest news in the fashion world before heading back to slog through files all day , something sounds off . Filing and fashion are n't on the same page , unless they 're one of those amazing people who get a buzz from organizing all day everyday . SP Money does n't control everything . Maybe just that fancy car , sophisticated bar and latest iPhone product . But believe it or not , millennials actually want an interesting job . If millennials do n't like their job , productivity will drop . If productivity drops , things wo n't get done . If things are n't done , businesses wo n't make sales . If business do n't make sales , they fail . And now no one has a job and no one makes money . Qubed connects millennial to the right career options most suited to who they are . Qubed 's discovery programs inspire the next generation of talent to pursue a career path that aligns with their passions . These programs are formed from their partnership with globally recognised universities , industry experts and employers in fields such as sport , fashion , music , tech , design and media . Let 's be specific . Qubed has partnered with the faculty of Columbia to created a sports industry essentials online certificate , featuring lessons from sports industry professionals from places such as the National Football League , Nike , National Hockey League etc . SP Perhaps like the fashion - loving bored office worker , a career in fashion will align better with their passion . Even the world of rhyme agrees . Through Qubed 's partnership with Parsons School of Design they provide a fashion industry essentials online certificate . The program is 100 percent online , self - paced and open access to any student who wants to explore the possibilities in the fashion industry within their busy schedule . This fashion industry essential program has five available courses taught by more than 20 instructors from leaders in the fashion industry . These courses help students gain insights into the fashion industry and if they really are a fashion lover they can be prepared for a successful future in fashion . SP So before a millennial unenthusiastically applies for a new job in a business they could take down with them , it would be better to check in with personal passions and make sure they 're exactly where you want to be . SP
infoShare , one of Central and Eastern Europe 's biggest tech conferences , takes place May 17 - 19 in Gdansk , Poland . The three - day event provides startups from the region with an opportunity to network with potential investors , future customers and the media . More than 100 VCs and angel investors will be attending along with 120 + speakers from companies like Google , Slack and Netflix , and investment firms such as Inventure , Karma VC and Credo Ventures . Grzegorz Borowski , the CEO of infoShare Foundation explains : " We see both - startups looking for investors and VCs / CVCs searching for new businesses to invest in . They just need to be there at the right place and the right time to find each other . infoShare is the spot where they connect . Last year 80% of startups talked to investors during the event and 60% of the talks continued afterwards . " The exhibition allows startups to present and show off their products and services to an interested crowd of techies and potential customers . In 2016 , more than 200 startups took part in the expo and this year more than 5,000 people are expected to walk through the doors of the event per day . Agnieszka Meller , head of startup relations at infoShare says : " It 's a great chance to show your product to a big international audience and make business relations - either on the venue or during the networking events . " The Startup Contest , co - organised by infoShare and STARTER Incubator , is a chance for startups to pitch to a panel of investors with the chance to win equity - free EUR20,000 . Startups that participate in the contest will also have an opportunity to secure investment while networking with the VCs that are attending the event . The jury for the Startup Contest includes Credo Ventures founding partner , Jan Habermann ; Almaz Capital general partner , Pavel Bogdanov ; and Mayor of Gdansk , Pawel Adamowicz . SP Startups in the contest will have access to wide pool of potential clients with more than 3,000 companies represented at infoShare . Before the Startup Contest finals , participants will compete in quarter finals at Starter on May 16 where 20 startups will be chosen for the semi - finals on May 17 with the finals on May 18 . Learn more about the contest and how to apply . Registration closes on March 31 . " Nexbio , last year 's winner , was invited to make a presentation to the President of Poland . Recently , it has scored another win in the Chivas the Venture and will go on to represent Poland in the world finale in Los Angeles " - says Joanna Grandzicka , COO at STARTER . At this year 's edition of infoShare a second contest for startups will take place - Digital Health Hackathon , co - organized by infoShare and their vertical partner INTERIZON ICT Cluster . This contest is dedicated to startups from the digital health industry which focus on one of three areas : mHealth , personalised healthcare and ageing populations . The jackpot amounts to EUR36,000 . You can take part in both contests . Aside of an exciting conference program , infoShare will be hosting several informal networking events and parties which help you grow your network of business partners and friends . Register for infoShare 2017 now . And to get some impressions from last year 's event , check out the video below : SP
You hear a lot about the Austin tech ecosystem and startups building products in cybersecurity , digital marketing , and more , but what about the culinary scene ? People have to eat right ? The Cook 's Nook , a new culinary kitchen and incubator has opened in East Austin to help fuel the artisans , mobile food vendors , and caterers who are in the early stages of business . Read about Lisa Guterriez who started her business with no plan The incubator offers a place where owners can cut their teeth in a full - range commercial kitchen in a community of like - minded people and receive business development and networking tools to help them be successful . The Cook 's Nook founder Joi Chevalier worked as an e - commerce product manager and marketing director for Internet venture startups and Fortune 50 companies for 17 years and had a specific focus on creating personalized experiences for online customers based on their history , behavior , and industry trends . She is also a graduate of the Culinary Arts Program at the Auguste Escoffier School of Culinary Arts . Through The Cook 's Nook , Joi is able to blend her tech savvy with a love of culinary arts and provide a place for early - stage chefs and owners to thrive . Inside Cook 's Nook via Joi Chevalier Facebook Through The Cook 's Nook mentorship program and network , startups can connect with chefs , industry experts and professionals in PR , marketing , social media , distribution , and more , to learn about building a culinary business . " Chevalier also has membership levels for food professionals , including writers , photographers and app developers , and people who are just in the idea - generation stage , " according to an article by MyStatesman . Joi Chevalier , Founder The Cooks Nook The incubator does have membership options that allow access to a variety of equipment such as : a large culinary kitchen , dedicated bakery , a members kitchen for client tasting and media opportunities , day and dry storage , refrigerator and freezers , a large receiving bay for all the food deliveries , barbecues , and mobile hookups for food trucks . Read more about startups launching in Austin at Tech . Co Photos courtesy of Joi Chevalier Facebook and The Cook 's Nook
Amalgam Rx A new startup called Amalgam Rx wants to change the way people with type 2 diabetes manage their insulin intake with the help of a prescription app . There are roughly 30 million people in the US living with diabetes , many of whom inject insulin , a hormone that 's produced in healthy bodies to control blood sugar levels . For many people living with diabetes -- including the 1.25 million people in the US who have Type-1 diabetes -- injecting insulin is part of the daily routine . In particular , it 's the group of people who have type 2 and are just starting to use insulin that the startup , founded by a pair of siblings who also founded another digital therapeutics company WellDoc , wants to help . Ryan Sysko , Amalgam Rx CEO , told Business Insider that when a patient starts using insulin , the doctor often prescribes a low dose to see how their body reacts . A patient might stay on that dose , which could be too low to really do anything , until their next visit . Instead , Sysko , along with his sister , Amalgam 's chief medical officer Dr. Suzanne Clough , developed an algorithm to help people increase their insulin doses as needed . The FDA - cleared , prescription iSage Rx app launched on Monday . The goal , Sysko said , is to use the app to accelerate the process of getting blood sugar levels into the target healthy range , which is a key part of managing diabetes . Amalgam Rx 's iSage Rx app is one of a few so - called " insulin titration " apps out there , and it 's part of a growing movement to use software to treat diseases alongside ( or occasionally instead of ) traditional methods . Eventually , Amalgam Rx wants to expand beyond diabetes to other disease areas , ideally partnering with pharmaceutical companies to create app - medication combinations . So far , the company 's raised less than $ 1 million in seed funding .
A hydrogen - powered drone that releases lab - bred insects to wipe out pests , a medical device which uses a novel method to treat glaucoma and an innovative method to manufacture oak extract for use in the manufacture of wine and spirits ... These are just some of the seven biotech and agricultural projects that will each receive seed funding of up to R500 000 from the Cape Craft and Design Institute ( CCDI ) in partnership with the Technology Innovation Agency 's ( TIA ) seed fund and the Western Cape government 's Department of Economic Development . CCDI executive director Erica Elk said at the announcement that an investment committee made up of experts from various sectors assessed the shortlisted applications in December and January . The seven projects were selected from 21 shortlisted candidates . A total of 57 applications were made when the application process opened in October last year . During the CCDI 's first seed fund which ran from 2014 to last year , the non - profit worked with 12 firms , which generated R1.5-million in revenue over the period , created 18 jobs and leveraged an additional R10-million in funding . Elk said a key lesson from the organisation 's first round was the need to work with individuals ' sectors . The current round focuses on certain areas identified by both the national and provincial departments as growth sectors . These are : biotech , health , agro - processing and manufacturing . TIA acting seed fund head Vusi Skosana said the agency 's seed fund is supporting 324 university projects with R142-million and 104 small business projects with R37-million . He added that the agency is looking to set up a rapid fund in which former seed fund participants will be able to get additional funding approved " within 24 hours " for development and projects costs . The seven projects to be supported are : The Optishunt -- A medical device to be developed by Daemon McClunan which uses a novel method to treat glaucoma . Oranet -- An innovative method conceived by Woolf Katz to manufacture oak extract for use in the manufacture of wine and spirits . DNABurn -- A cellular molecular biology solution developed by Karim Dhanani of Signal Bioscience to help fight non - communicable diseases . FlyH2 -- A hydrogen - powered drone conceived by Mark van Wyk and Onno Huyser that releases lab - bred insects to wipe out pests . Micropatch -- A self - testing kit for HIV being put together by Incitech which was founded by Loretta Magagula , Dineo Lioma and two other alumni of the Allan Gray Orbis Foundation . Suction dissector -- A medical dissecting tool for soft tissue developed by Disa Vascular . SmartBlade -- An affordable video laryngoscope developed by Nick Levin and Caroline Corbett , which uses a smartphone . Featured image : DL via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resized ) Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startup news , Startups
If you 're an employee at a startup , you must dream of the day when you 'll finally get to build your own . You will be able to see the difference between owning a business and working for one already . For most people with big ambitions this can be too much to handle . They decide to finally go out and chase their dream , but they realize it 's not as easy as it seems . Luckily there are some things you can do to prepare for tough times . If you 're one of those employees looking to break free , we 'll talk about a few things you should know . When Jack Dorsey was trying to build Twitter he came to an important realization . When you 're trying to build a great startup , there needs to be a positive culture , which means getting rid of all the negativity . This meant getting rid of employees he considered superstars because they were too negative . You 'll have to hire and fire people , so remember skills come second to an environment everyone will love . We all like to think we 're working for the good of the company , but employees will always look out for number one . When something goes right they 'll take credit for it , but when it goes wrong they 'll blame someone else . Once you 're in charge of your own startup it does n't really matter who is at fault , because you 're ultimately responsible for everyone . When it goes well you have to accept you could n't have done it on your own . Everyone assumes you can build a huge business without an education because Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates dropped out of college . You do n't necessarily need a college degree , but educating yourself every day is almost essential . Get NetSuite certifications if you want a much deeper understanding of your new business . Spend hours perfecting your coding even if you 're already great . Do n't forget all top startup founders read lots of books . Lots of startups in your local area will become successful long before you ever will . It 's something you think about as an employee , but it does n't really affect you on a personal level because you 're not tied to anything . A large majority of founders seem to care far too much about other companies . Unless they 're competing for your customers it does n't matter how they 're progressing . Focusing on them will only take away from your venture . Do you know that money your startup keeps depositing into your bank account every month ? Once you start your own startup it will disappear and you 'll need to replace it . This will have to be done through raising money . Some companies will be profitable from the start , but in reality you 'll have to raise something . If you want to scale up quickly you 'll need to raise lots , so it 's something you will need to get very good at . What is the worst that can happen if you do n't succeed ? You 'll have to find another job , which should be easy if you 're skilled . If you do become one of the lucky founders all of your dreams will come true and life will never be the same again .
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Entrepreneur is on the ground at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show . Check back for highlights from the event as well as insights from thought leaders and innovators . SP My first day at CES was insane . I saw so much technology at CES , it was mind - numbing . This show is an overload -- in the very best way . It 's a mob ! I do n't know what took me so long . If you 're not at CES , you 're out of it . The booths that were packed and loud were very interactive . They had to be to stand out in this tech - obsessed crowd . The products upstairs -- like 3D printers and smart watches -- were n't exactly revolutionary . These were more or less proven moneymakers . It was corporate . But the atmosphere downstairs was different . It was intense . The startups there are battling it out to eventually make it big and move upstairs , which I ca n't help but love . They 're out there in the aisles , hustling . Fighting tool and nail to get noticed . These are my people . When something was hot , it was obvious , because the cameras were out . Some booths were three or four persons deep the entire day . These were the products that caught my eye the most : SP Holograms are here ! And they are amazingly cool , especially Kino - mo . The company creates holographic technology to be used in advertising . SP This London - based company 's one - sentence benefit statement : Take your logo to the moon . And they definitely did that at CES . The booth I checked was for Hypervision , Kino - mo 's " holo - displays . " You can think of them like holograms , because that 's what they look like but less costly . That said , so far the holo - displays have been used by brands like Aston Martin , Intel , and Samsung for advertising . Someone on the team had been smart enough to mount the holograms high enough , so that they could easily be seen from a distance , which meant their booth was packed all day long . I must have walked by six times . The visuals themselves were vividly bright and looked as if they were floating . You had to pull your phone out . SP I really dug SAM , an innovative new toy from UK - based startup SAM Labs that " allows kids to start building and creating in a really fun and intuitive way , " Morten B. Hagen , head of sales and marketing , told me . Using SAM 's small wireless building blocks and app , children can build and program their own inventions . When Hagen said , " You can think of it like Lego from the future , " within less than 15 seconds , I was sold . That 's a great benefit statement ! SP Developed by a Julliard - trained musician , I was told anyone can play it . Officially , on their marketing materials , it 's " quick to play and fun to learn . " Interesting ! The company graduated from Y Combinator in winter 2016 and raised $ 415,000 in pre - orders on Indiegogo . SP This product was wild . Taking several hundred hours to hand - make in France , it marketed itself as a " combination of the latest technologies with ancient violin - making skills . " Customized and adopted to the user 's body , it was eye - catching and even more fun to watch the gentleman doing the demo wail on it . SP I ' ve been to a lot of trade shows but none that have been so interactive . Much of what I saw downstairs was pre - production and had gone or planned on going the crowdfunding route with Indiegogo and Amazon Launchpad 's presence felt . SP Stephen Key is an inventor , author , speaker and co - founder of InventRight , LLC . , a Glenbrook , Nev .- based company that educates entrepreneurs in how to bring ideas to market .
With tutoring centres popping up on every third corner and every second university student now tutoring high school kids ' on the side ' , the tutoring space is certainly a booming , competitive market . Among the ever - increasing number of tutoring offerings is Scooter Tutor , a once - traditional offline tutoring service that has shifted to the online space . Using the platform , parents are able to find qualified tutors across a range of grades and subjects and book them for an at - home tutoring session . The startup 's name and inception emerged from cofounder Cameron Schmidt expanding his " riding around on a scooter " tutoring service into a wider network nearly 10 years ago . According to his cofounder Sam Robertson , however , Schmidt quickly noticed that operating a traditional bricks and mortar business would limit how far and fast it was able to expand . " Really early on he realised that if he wanted to progress from 10 or 20 tutors to anything larger , it would n't really work using any of the solutions in the market . There were issues like dealing with massive amounts of scheduling and payroll , and also with crowds of parents booking in appointments with tutors , " said Robertson . Robertson added that offline solutions posed issues for tutors themselves too , who were forced to network with clients over the phone to book or discuss appointments . Looking to streamline the entire tutoring process , the startup sought to take the best pieces of the traditional tutoring model online . This , according to Robertson , came in the form of offering a service where the tutor would travel to parents , who themselves would know with confidence that they were being served with a high quality educator . Going online would also ease the entire process for tutors , who would be able to " sit back and wait " once they had been accepted as a ' scooter tutor ' and tied to the platform . " It 's really trying to combine the best pieces of all those sides of the market , so it 's beneficial for stakeholders on both sides , " said Robertson . To ensure a high quality of tutor , Robertson explained that the startup " hires " each educator in a casual position , a process which requires all of the usual filtering and background checks involved in traditional employment . " It 's a full job application , so a submission of CV , photo ID , academic transcripts and a Working with Children check . We then have a group video interview , where we go around and talk to each person and see which candidates have a good level of communication . We 'll also check references too when applicable , " explained Robertson . Each hired tutor is able to select the location and range they wish to operate in , as well as the subjects and grades they 're looking to teach . With a focus on grades one to 12 , Robertson said the business has tutors spanning across a substantial lineup of subjects , with Mathematics , Science and English the most in demand . For tutors with knowledge beyond secondary and primary education , however , Robertson said Scooter Tutor supports tertiary and other smaller areas of learning too , such as training on how to use the Microsoft Office Suite . Since the platform does n't offer a search option , but instead drop - down categories , however , finding a tutor to teach an out - of - the - box subject requires a call to the Scooter Tutor helpline , which operates most of the day . " We realised very quickly that we also needed a personal touch , so we looked into how we could combine that with tech so our users would have both options . The helpline was the answer to that , " said Robertson . Robertson added that the helpline can be accessed for other enquires , or for general booking services . Otherwise , all bookings for a tutoring service are made online , as the platform generates a list of tutor profiles for the user to select after a search is made on the home page . Bookings are completed online too , with the startup taking a booking fee for each transaction , with the rest of the funds going to the tutor . At the end of a session , tutors can also be rated out of five stars , with their total score displayed on their profile . Looking at other competitors in the online tutor booking space , Scooter Tutor 's search - online or call - us - for - help model draws similarities to platforms such as Global Education Academy and NSW startup YourTutor , who both also display a tutor 's profile online for selection . To give the startup an edge over its competitors and begin to serve regional communities , Robertson said Scooter Tutor is currently looking at developing its own online video platform to deliver lessons to those outside the startup 's range of operation , which is currently focused on Sydney , Brisbane , and Melbourne . " We really do want to be able to service students in the remote areas . A lot of kids , once they finish school and go to uni , move to one of our major cities , meaning those regional towns lose a lot of their talented students and thus tutors . We 're looking into a video service to aid this issue where our city tutors can deliver a lesson over video chat , " said Robertson . Having raised some seed funding to cover early development , the startup later moved to raising an additional round of approximate $ 700,000 , which Robertson said will help build the Scooter Tutor team and get the platform " exactly where it needs to be " . Robertson added that growing the tutor and client base would also be a key focus for the startup , with the aim of hitting 1,000 total tutors by the end of the year in mind .
Scott Belsky TechCrunch / Flickr The biggest problem with " on - demand " apps , the Uber for XYZ model , is that they make whichever service they are selling a commodity , according to tech entrepreneur and investor Scott Belsky . That 's fine for some services , specifically ones where it does n't really matter who exactly is fulfilling your request . In fact Belsky , who was an early investor in Uber , thinks the on - demand model is perfect for two crucial areas : driving and delivery . But for " relationship - based " services -- tutors , acupuncturists , chefs , fitness instructors , dog walkers , and so on -- Belsky told Business Insider there 's value in finding someone you trust , and can stick with . And he thinks these types of service professionals have been hurt more than they ' ve been helped by technology . " You do n't need 10,000 hairstylists " on an app , Belsky said , matched to you based on optimal proximity , or user ratings from tons of people you do n't know . You just need a friend you trust , perhaps one with similar taste , to recommend you a good one . Prefer That insight is what has led Belsky , a venture partner at VC firm Benchmark who sold his previous startup Behance to Adobe for a reported $ 150 million , to spend the last year - and - a - half quietly building Prefer . Prefer is an app that uses the recommendations of your social network -- your friends , and friends of friends -- to help you find and book service professionals across any industry . Prefer had its wide launch Monday . " I like to start with a problem , " Belsky said . In this case , his was that the service professionals he 'd had conversations with were dissatisfied with both the old model of doing business and the one provided by new technology . Here 's how Belsky described it : On - demand apps turn their work into a commodity , online marketplaces ( where they can list their services ) de - personalize them by focusing on a " star " rating system , and companies that book everything for them take a huge cut of their revenue . Belsky talked particularly about a massage therapist who he started seeing a few years ago , after traveling back and forth all the time from New York to California took its toll . After a year of seeing her , she told Belsky that the person she used to book clients took 30% . " I almost choked , " Belsky recalled . So Belsky started pitching everyone he knew on the idea of a new way to book service professionals , trying to figure out what stuff might work . He got encouragement to keep at the idea from people like Uber cofounder Garrett Camp , and also eventually found the team that would Prefer , including CEO Julio Vasconcellos , the founder of Peixe Urbano and a former member of the Facebook growth team . But for Belsky , one of the crucial elements in building Prefer was getting feedback not just from techies , but from service professionals of all kinds as well . And it led to some surprises about what they actually wanted out of the platform . " We assumed they would be excited about superior booking and payments , " Belsky said . " As a client , people are annoyed by the back and forth [ of booking appointments ] . But it turns out service professionals did n't mind it as much . So much of their time is under - utilized . They do n't see it as much as a pain point . The thing that got them really excited was getting referrals to their clients ' friends . That 's the Holy Grail for them . " That aspect became the central piece of Prefer . The app uses your phone 's address book -- where you presumably have the numbers of both your friends and the service professionals you use -- to build out a network of who is employing whom . You can hide certain ones if you wish , but the point is to be able to see which people your friends have trusted to do certain kinds of work . You can also add testimonials . " I love this idea of bringing stuff to a small - town mentality , " Belsky said . In a sense , Prefer wants to build you a virtual small town of service providers . Prefer The concept will also , in theory , stop service providers from simply going off - platform once they find a new client . Because of the way Prefer is built , every time someone books a service provider using the app , the system takes that into account when recommending . " When you stop booking me , I will sink down , " Belsky said . The app has its own payments and bookings functions as well . Prefer makes money by taking a fee of every transaction , from 3% to 5% . New clients discovered on prefer platform are in the 5% category , and existing clients are in the 3% one . In addition , Prefer charges a convenience fee for booking . Belsky 's hope is that this business model will prove attractive for service providers , and perhaps even stretch beyond , into the economy at large . " We really like this idea of questioning the notion of a ' firm , ' " Belsky said . For service professionals , the benefits of working with firms are the automatic billing process and getting new clients , according to Belsky . The smartphone could replace that for some . " In this modern day where everyone has this small town in your pocket ... why do professionals need to work for firms or salons ? " Business Insider 's US Editor - in - Chief Alyson Shontell recently interviewed Belsky for her podcast , " Success ! How I Did It . " Listen here .
Your business depends on its IT infrastructure to exist , even if you 're in a more traditional industry . You 're relying on computers , mobile devices , spreadsheets , documents , and mass stores of data to keep your business running effectively . Have you thought about what might happen if everything was suddenly wiped out ? What if a fire took out the majority of your physical storage devices ? What if a cyber criminal was able to seize control of your servers and hold them hostage ? As many as 50 percent of small businesses have been breached in some way within the last 12 months , yet an astounding 82 percent of business owners believe they would never be the target of an attack or breach because they do n't have anything worth stealing . It may be true that a small business does n't have access to the capital or resources that a large business does , but cyber criminals are opportunists -- they look for easy work , not for big paydays . With both cyber crimes and natural disasters having the potential to cripple most businesses , why do n't more business owners have a disaster recovery plan ? These are some of the biggest reasons why disaster recovery plans are so rare : 1 . Not understanding how security and data recovery work . First , business owners may not understand the nature of the threats that are out there . They may not think about physical disasters , or they may believe threats like hackers and ransomware are few and far between . They may also fail to understand how easy it is to back up their data or institute basic security policies , with most modern solutions happening automatically and routinely . This lack of understanding of disaster recovery solutions keeps them from moving forward with any solution . 2 . Believing they are n't targets . Like we mentioned in the introduction , many business owners believe they would never be the target of a hacker . Unfortunately , this simply is n't the case . In fact , 43 percent of all cyber attacks specifically target small businesses -- and that does n't account for the simultaneous threat of natural disasters . Believing it 's not important is the single most prohibitive mindset in cyber security . 3 . De - prioritisation . It may be that an entrepreneur knows it 's important to have a data recovery plan and increased protection , but they ' ve de - prioritized these protocols in favor of other work . Data protection does n't seem important until it 's been compromised -- but by that point , it 's often too late . It 's like thinking about health insurance after you ' ve already had a medical emergency . If you want to protect yourself , you need to have a plan early , and be as proactive as possible . It may not take priority over any emergencies that your business is currently struggling with , but it needs to be high on your list . Do n't keep moving it down indefinitely . Schedule a day and a time to get it done . 4 . Not knowing where to start . Some business owners may not know where to start , since " data protection " and " disaster recovery " are such broad topics . A good first step is to find a reliable provider of data backup and recovery , two services that will protect your digital information in case it 's ever held hostage or physically destroyed . From there , you can gradually ratchet up your security protocols and enlist other services to complement your core structures . 5 . Decision procrastination . Of course , some entrepreneurs are simply procrastinating the decision because they do n't want to make it . They may feel insecure in their understanding or may not want to pay for any additional services , but in any case , they 're taking their sweet time moving forward on any new policies . All of these motivations are seemingly legitimate on the surface -- it 's perfectly understandable that an entrepreneur who does n't feel threatened would n't want to improve security -- but believing you 're a good driver does n't make you less likely to have an accident . Threats to your data , your assets , and your entire technological network are very real , and unless you have a proactive plan to mitigate or deal with them , you could suffer the consequences . Put together a disaster recovery plan ; think of it as an insurance policy to protect your business 's interests . You 'll be glad you did . Folly + lack of conscience = disasters . SP kabardins.com Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Entrepreneurship
Sourcing the right talent for the job is one requirement for developing any venture , but creating the right opportunity for the right talent is something more . In a complex scenario of nurturing international talents in an educational setting CEU 's Institute for Entrepreneurship and Innovation created its own response for the diverse student base and project requirements the university deals with . I had a good discussion with Judit Hildegard Hajos , Executive Director of the Innovation and Entrepreneurship Project , Director of External Relations at CEU , based in Budapest . Peter : You say " nurturing talent to meet opportunity is just as important as the opposite notion to nurture opportunities for meeting the talent . " What do you mean on that ? Judit : Besides talent , there are multiple ingredients necessary for success like timing , bearing of responsibility , pace , courage , integrity , smart thinking , supporting ecosystem , willpower and a bit of leap in faith . None of these ingredients are tangible therefore they are rather determined by the environment the individual 's response . " In addition , a flexible give and take and a ready to change attitude is often the right base for growth . Vibrant communities have a thing in common : the best behavior is free to be copied , the right mindset is tested and adaptable and the rest is depending on the power of the network . It is worth to be at an open organization since for any phase of development it is certain that somebody has been there , has done that or similar and ready to share the experience . In our view , complexity , diversity and boldness is celebrated for boosting creativity but only in the framework of business integrity which is amongst CEU 's core values . Peter : And what are your actions at CEU to get there ? Judit : The talent economy is a fair economy because it is free . All lessons , examples , leads are open to anyone to follow . Students and ventures are reaching out to multiple directions according to their needs and we have the special knowledge to see what is given at the market , tapping strategic interests , almost tailor made consultations to match opportunity with talent ( supply and demand ) with an honest assessment of pros and cons , a clear communication respecting the multiple mentalities re valuations , that along the constant value analyses , some visible activities are also boosting opportunities , like : 1 . direct access of international professors and professional staff for mentoring and sponsoring , 2 . accessible market / tech / practical knowledge , 3 . New York Module ( students directly access trends and latest mindset on spot at NYC ) , 4 . unique partnership agreements and the CEU iLab gives space for in - door startups - these are just a few to mention which are to be leveraged the best according to my experiences . On the top of that , dealing with the market in a safe academic environment and testing ideas is ideal at this geography , it makes us aware of the importance of social innovation , social entrepreneurship . Peter : How can you feed opportunities from the region to business savvy progress ? Do you have a recipe ? Judit : There is certainly the choice to dare and try , a startup at our iLab called AbsoRice has a real story how to turn the CEU opportunity to reality along with Talk - A - Bot . Both ventures have been recently featured by the Hungarian Forbes as interesting case studies on " CEE ventures with a wit and some well - planned luck " . They all stem from a story of a real CEU combo including winning a NASDAQ scholarship , pursuing their MBA studies with good action learning challenges , participating at the New York Module and well using our live networks and the positive organizational support . We assume this all sounds good as a glokal strategy . ( To learn more about our programs , please visit our website . ) Entrepreneurs must focus on know - how and growth to become successful . As and advice I 'd like to quote Justine Musk ( Elon Musk 's wife ) : " The world does n't throw a billion dollars at a person because the person wants it or works so hard they feel they deserve it . ( The world does not care what you want or deserve . ) The world gives you money in exchange for something it perceives to be of equal or greater value : something that transforms an aspect of the culture , reworks a familiar story or introduces a new one , alters the way people think about the category and make use of it in daily life . " Peter : Thanks a lot for your time and insights !
British automobile giant Jaguar Land Rover has announced a closer relationship with CloudCar , a startup specializing in connected car experiences , by making a $ 15 m investment . SP CloudCar , which is based in Palo Alto , California , is a world - leading developer of connected driver experiences . With machine - learning capabilities tied to various sensors in the car , its CloudCar 's cloud services platform allows car manufacturers to use its capability -- including improved voice - activated applications and personalisation -- while still maintaining their brand identity and retaining ownership of data . Hanno Kirner , executive director of corporate strategy for Jaguar Land Rover , said , " This represents an important step in developing connected car technology . CloudCar has been working with premium manufacturers on some of the most exciting opportunities and challenges in the fields of machine learning and infotainment . " This investment is integral to Jaguar Land Rover 's vehicle technology programme : but the programme also presents an invaluable opportunity for other automotive manufacturers to get involved . " The eventual need to integrate into the car hundreds of driver - focused global cloud services and content means this platform is an excellent example where cooperation between OEMs can improve outcomes for customers , as well as reducing costs . " According to reports from VentureBeat , CloudCar raised $ 11.5 m while in stealth mode back in 2012 , so this latest cash injection takes the company 's total outside investment past the $ 25 m mark . For Jaguar Land Rover , the investment is part of the company 's ambition to be the first to roll out the next - generation CloudCar platform in its first fully electric model , Jaguar I - PACE . Philipp Popov , CEO of CloudCar , said , " We are excited to deepen our relationship with Jaguar Land Rover and we also look forward to other manufacturers benefitting from our recent progress . " SP
SXSW is inching closer , and today Samuel Adams is announcing the participants in their SXSW pitch competition . As part of the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream popup , a program designed to give small food or beverage entrepreneurs a leg up , four startups will vie for the attention of an esteemed panel of judges . This year 's participants will feature a brands that provide bone broth , bloody mary mix , microgreens , gluten free treats , and craft spirits . The popup pitch competition will be held on March 12 starting at 3 pm CDT , and will be located at the Whole Foods Market in Austin . For those attending SXSW , you can register for the pitch competition by grabbing your tickets here . For the rest of us , we 'll have the opportunity to watch from afar on Facebook Live . SP If you did n't get the opportunity to join this pitch competition , but are looking for some attention for your startup , we ' ve got just the solution . Apply today for the Startup of the Year competition , and be like our awesome winners from 2016 , ShearShare . It 's time to meet the participants for the SXSW pitch competition ! Check out these startups below and make sure to vote for who you think is going to go home with the prize . Joe 's Microgreens provides fresh , locally grown , microgreens grown in composted local food waste . Banner Distilling makes craft spirits including certified organic vodka and whiskey made from locally - grown ingredients . Barbecue Wife makes handcrafted junk free bloody mary mix inspired by the craft of Texas Barbecue . FOND makes artisanal sipping bone broth . GFY Kitchen makes gluten - free breads , rolls , pizza crusts and other bakes goods . SP Vote on our poll !
Nigeria must overcome its infrastructure challenges and shortage of skills if it is to help the country 's nascent tech scene to grow , say analysts and entrepreneurs . The country boasts such successful tech companies such as fintech company Interswitch , edtech firm Andela and e - commerce site Jumia , which last year raised $ 326-million in funding . In addition , investments from overseas programmes such as Y Combinator , Village Capital and 500 Startups continue afoot , despite the country having slipped into a recession last year . Nigeria 's burgeoning startup scene and its large market and entrepreneurial population with over 180 million people is what lured Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to Lagos 's Yaba startup district in September last year . Generation Enterprise managing director Bunmi Otegbade , who helped get 30 entrepreneurs to pitch to Zuckerberg and President Muhammadu Buhari , believes the government 's lack of support for the sector is not the problem . For Otegbade it 's rather the country 's poor infrastructure and shortage of good talent -- better software engineers and technical workers -- that is holding back the tech sector . " The people in the tech system is the first problem . If we can improve them we can then work towards improving policies , " he reckons . " If there are investors in Nigeria who asked what needs to be done to find better deals , they would say you just need to work on improving the team behind the entrepreneur , " he adds . Harsh business climate While the country is ranked by the World Bank at 169 on ease of doing business , Bunmi believes Nigerians have become used to operating in a harsh business environment , with few incentives for startups . For instance , businesses must start paying taxes from day one . Electricity is rarely stable . " Most tech companies need to spend 40% ( of revenue ) on power revenue , compared to six percent in other countries , " he says . But adds Otegbade : " We have become so used to them ( the problems ) that we do n't see them anymore " . ' Better government policies ' However , Collins Onuegbu , from the Lagos Angels Network and executive vice chair of Signal Alliance , disagrees . He says better government policies can play a catalysing role in the initial surge of startups in Nigeria . " Nigeria is currently trying to diversify its economy from oil . Tech is one of the areas of that diversification so we are hopeful that government involvement will allow the sector to keep its current trajectory and become a bigger contributor to the rebound of the Nigerian economy . " He believes the worst of the recession that started last year is over and that foreign investment will start flowing back into the country soon . Investor confidence needed For Polish entrepreneur Marek Zmyslowski , who has been living in Lagos for over four years , there are no shortcuts -- Nigeria needs more educated customers and better competition . " You do n't just need more government support , you need investor confidence . " For Zmyslowski , who runs software service for hotels called HotelOga , the state of the entrepreneurial ecosystem in Nigeria is comparable to what it was in Poland 30 years ago . He says many Nigerian startups make the mistake of believing that they will acquire customers quickly online . However he says because not enough customers are online this is often not the case . For instance half his startup 's marketing budget has gone on radio adverts or paying for sales agents at bus stations and airports . " Many times we find it 's the first purchase anyone has made online , " he says . With the cost of internet so - called " zombie phones " are common -- where users turn off their data access to prevent apps from automatically updating and using up their expensive data . ' Fallen behind ' But Nigeria was n't always like this , argues Nigerian tech expert Emeka Okoye of Cymantics . Last month he said in an interview with Nigerian tech site Techpoint.ng that while Nigeria once sold software systems to US banks , the country has fallen behind such that it has no tech ecosystem . He says more must be done by the government and other roleplayers to get Nigerians to produce technologies rather than consume imported goods But Onuegbu chimes in that the press in Nigeria assume wrongly that tech entrepreneurship there is only a recent phenomenon . " Over 20 years ago , a class of startups did exactly what Emeka described from a part of Lagos called Surulere . For some reason , most of these companies failed to scale and grow their businesses beyond their initial promise . " Held back by state He says while Nigerians are an entrepreneurial people , the country has been held back by a government that focused on a one product , oil - based economy , adding that this has stifled creativity and entrepreneurship . " The current struggles the economy is going through should be an opportunity to reset the country and its economy and build a future based on entrepreneurship and creative business development . " I believe that this should not only benefit tech but every other sector that a country of 180 million people needs to help citizens enjoy better livelihood and SP professional fulfilment . " For entrepreneur Dayo Elegbe , who runs Lagos based mobile marketing startup Sponge , Nigeria is on the cusp of something big , He returned to Lagos after living and working for 20 years in the UK , because he says the opportunity was too great to forego . " One of the reasons I came back is I ' m an entrepreneur and I could n't literally walk away from such a good opportunity . I came back to Nigeria and realised that this is going to be one of the biggest mobile markets in the world , " says Elegbe . Ventureburn was unable to get in contact with anyone at the Nigerian Information Technology Development Agency . Last month Nigeria 's Minister of Industry , Trade and Investment Okechukwu Enelamah revealed that his ministry is working on plan for a digital economy which would create over three million jobs . Featured image : jbdodane via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resize ) Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Africa , Startups
Sweden has emerged as a fintech powerhouse in Europe . In 2016 alone , Sweden - based fintech companies closed 35 rounds of funding , according to Breakit . This brings Sweden 's haul to 40 percent of all funding rounds in Europe for the past five years . Sweden now has the highest number of fintech investments per capital . As a country , Sweden has become the world 's best model for a cashless society . Only less than 2 percent of payment transactions in the country were made using cash in 2015 . Many of its banks do n't even allow cash transactions anymore . As such , cashless payments have become a core vertical to the rise of Sweden 's fintech scene . For peer - to - peer fund transfers , people use Swish which is an app from the collaboration between Sweden 's major banks . For payments to businesses , payment solutions like iZettle , Klarna , and Trustly are the most popular . Interestingly , all of these companies are homegrown ventures but they are also finding success across border as more countries strive towards cashless . iZettle and Klarna already reached unicorn status while Trustly is poised to do the same after a strong 2016 where the company performed EUR3.2 billion in transactions . Other fintech segments are also gaining ground . Virtual banking app Tink secured $ 10 million in funding last year while crowd lending service Kameo secured $ 1.2 million in funding last year . Non - fintech unicorn companies also came from Sweden , such as music service Spotify , game developer King ( makers of Candy Crush ) , and Skype . As such , Sweden is considered to be the second - largest unicorn breeding ground in the world . SP Swedish fintech companies also credit their talent pool for their continued success . In a recent Ernst and Young event , officers from several Stockholm - based tech companies shared their thoughts on the challenges in human resources that their companies face . Ulrica Falkenberg , chief human resources officer of Trustly , said , " I think one important thing that we have managed to do is find the truly best talents for those early recruitments . Good people know good people , and want to work with other competent people . A large portion of our new hires come through internal referrals . " Read about startups emerging in London There 's plenty of local talent to tap into as the population boasts of a highly educated population and 40 percent of Stockholm 's inhabitants have at least a three - year post - secondary education . Johan Attby , CEO of Fishbrain , banks on the loyalty of Swedish tech professionals . " In Stockholm it 's competitive , but if you manage to hire someone , they will stick with you , " he said . Still , Swedish companies must also be able to look outward to continue their growth . Hiring in tech has become quite competitive these days especially in Europe . The EU allows for professionals to easily relocate to any of the major tech hubs located in its member countries . As such , major tech hubs are all vying to attract the best tech talent especially in light of Brexit . Aside from Stockholm , Berlin , Amsterdam , and Dublin are all keen on attracting companies and talent to relocate . Berlin and Amsterdam are highly cosmopolitan and many professionals find it easy to adjust to life once they relocate . Berlin even boasts of lower costs of living especially when compared to New York or London . Not to be left out , Stockholm is a worthy rival to Berlin and Amsterdam . Sweden was named the best country to raise a family , companies offer flexible work hours , there 's also strong emphasis to gender equality and English is also widely spoken . These perks make Sweden a sensible destination for tech professionals looking for a change in environment . Further growth of fintech has come from a convergence of entrepreneurs , the government , and talent . Thankfully , stakeholders are creating an ecosystem that 's nurtures innovation . The Stockholm Fintech Hub , which is a collaboration among KPMG , Partner BLC Avisors , Invest Stockholm , and NFT Ventures , launched earlier this year . The hub offers coworking spaces , a conference center , and educational programs to support fintech ventures . Fintech in Europe is expected to blow up by 2018 as the Revised Payment Services Directive ( PSD2 ) takes effect . This is expected to change the way banking is done in a major way . " Over the next five years , I think the lines around fintech are going to become increasingly blurred . Customers wo n't differentiate between technology companies , banks or non - banks . We will see a more diverse market and more collaboration between product developers at small companies and tech teams in global banks as they create and distribute new products , " said Oscar Berglund , CEO of Trustly . This only offers bigger opportunities for fintech companies and Sweden is looking to lead the way . Read more about startups around the world at Tech . Co
With no business plan or working capital , it can be hard to build a business . However a driven work ethic , unending passion , and some family recipes , Lisa and Vincente Gutierrez opened their food truck business , Dos Hermanos Taco Truck , and rolled right into entrepreneurship . The couple met at a restaurant where Lisa was the manager and Vincente was the line cook . Together they had dreams of owning their own business and creating jobs . On a whim , they decided to buy a food truck from their friend , borrowed pots and pans from friends and family , and launched their food truck with recipes from Vincente 's family from Oaxaca , Mexico . " In 2012 , we just opened the business and the community supported us and loved the food , " Lisa said . SP As their business began to grow , Lisa needed to build her entrepreneurial skills and find ways to expand the business . Lisa turned to the Columbus Economic & Community Development Institute ( ECDI ) . The non - profit economic development organization helped provide Lisa with a place to park their truck , access to a prep kitchen , and offered affordable classes to help market the business . " I had no idea about mobile food vending , how to write a business plan , social media or how to make a logo , " Lisa said . " They had a women 's business center attached and I got my business hat on ! " In 2015 , Lisa was accepted to the Entrepreneur Exchange Program , funded by the SBA ScaleUp America initiative . This nine - month program is a community - focused initiative where business firms can grow by leveraging , networking , and complimenting the existing resources and expertise in their areas . SP Through the program , Lisa was able to leverage her networking opportunities to expand their business that included two food carts and became vendors at sport stadiums and local hot spots . " The ECDI made our business credible . We were noticed by the North Market and they wanted to bring in authentic Mexican cuisine - we were one of three businesses chosen . [ Most importantly , ] I knew having that restaurant in the market would break the cycle of not being able to create jobs , " Lisa said . Through heavy social media marketing , word - of - mouth and expansion , Dos Hermanos became a recognizable brand . " We are in the Ohio State stadium serving tacos on game days for football and soccer , and serve as a pop - up restaurant at JPMorgan Chase 's McCoy Center . Being in front of these large crowds and companies make us credible , " Lisa said . SP When it was finally time to get a loan to expand her business , the network she 'd developed in the community was helpful . " Just by talking to the small business bankers and connecting with Chase it had really helped our small business grow , " Lisa said . While their dreams of owning a business and creating jobs are coming to fruition , there are always unexpected twists and turns as an entrepreneur . " I was surprised by how much it took to run the business . I was the cashier and taking the orders and I could n't foresee myself not being on the truck however , as we stated to grow I could n't be everywhere . I needed to let go and put people in different roles , and they were amazing . The strength in our staff and empowering them has allowed us to continue to grow the business . [ Each day I say ] wow ! I ' m surrounded by a bunch of talented people , " Lisa said . This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series . Delicious photos courtesy of Dos Hermanos SP Read more about the value of networking here on Tech . Co
Promoting a startup on Facebook is one of the most cost - effective ways to quickly gain exposure . After setting up a business page , you 'll have instant access to campaign tools that can help you promote your content , engage your audience , and build a following from Facebook 's massive user base . According to official statistics , there were about 1.23 billion daily active users on Facebook back in December of 2016 . To leverage this huge number , read up on the top seven tips that will help you promote your startup successfully on Facebook . Although Facebook now has online store capabilities , most users are still there for one purpose - to socialize . That said , focus on building closer connections with your audience by responding on a timely manner and being helpful whenever someone makes an enquiry . You can use a tool like Sprout Social to stay ahead of conversations and brand mentions across multiple networks - not just Facebook . To push your business page to a target audience , be sure to set your preferred page audience right after creating your business page . To do this , go to Settings > Preferred Page Audience and specify information such as target locations , interests , languages , and gender . Do n't worry about being too specific - other users can still find your page even though they do n't fit your preferred page audience . A lot of brands make the mistake of simply spewing out content on Facebook whenever it gets published on the company blog . If you want to maximize the visibility of your post , be sure to post when your target users are most active . This will vary depending on your target demographic , but based on multiple case studies , the best posting schedule is generally around 1 - 4 pm . Facebook now allows business pages to add CTA buttons that trigger a variety of actions - from downloading an app to making a purchase . This is useful if you want to convert your visitors into leads or paying customers . All you have to do is to click the blue + Add Button from your business page , select your goal , and choose a specific action . You will then have to input the URL to the external landing page or download link . Keywords will always matter when it comes to the visibility of your content - be it in SEO , advertising , or social media . On Facebook , targeting the right keywords directly affects the discover - ability of your page via the search function . That said , see to it that you use keywords on key locations on your page , specifically the " about " section . It 's also important to incorporate your keywords in every content - from photo descriptions to video captions and subtitles . Simply put - great content alone is no longer enough if you want your brand to get noticed . You need to leverage Facebook Ads to steadily grow your followers and compete with countless other brands in the same niche . Fortunately , a Facebook Ads campaign is highly flexible , so you can start small and simply increase your budget as your startup gains ground . Last but not least , social media users flock to brands they can trust , and you ca n't have trust without familiarity . To foster your audience 's familiarity with your brand , the first thing you need is a consistent brand voice that 's instilled with your company culture . For this , you just need to let the collective personalities of your team shine through every status update , photo , or comment you share with your audience .
Five years ago , Square launched a program to guide female high school and college students as they worked toward becoming engineers . More than 140 female college students from across the United States and Canada have gone through the program , with some even joining the company afterward . Square is now changing things up by taking the college version of Code Camp on the road to its Atlanta , Georgia office . The program is now accepting applications from interested students . While Code Camp normally takes place in San Francisco , this is the second time that it 's been held in another city , the first being New York City last year . The company shared that it chose Atlanta because it is interested in supporting the local community , one that 's filled with engineering talent from nearby universities and businesses -- and because it 's also home to quite a few startups and businesses . The Georgia city happens to be one of the first places that Square set up an outpost beyond the Bay Area . Twelve students will be selected to participate in the program , which will take place from August 14 to 19 . While learning about the tech company and developer issues , participants will also have a chance to sit down with Square executives , including chief executive Jack Dorsey and Square Capital and people lead Jacqueline Reses . Mock interviews will be part of the curriculum , in addition to a hackathon and a team project . " Code Camp helped to expose me to new technical concepts that I use in my work at Square , " stated Alyssa Pohahau , a Square engineer who went through Code Camp in 2014 . " Beyond coding skills , one of the most valuable things is the community of diverse women you become a part of . We ' ve created this community of women who cheer each other on throughout every phase of career development , from college to job interviews to navigating the working world . " Applications are now being accepted through June 1 .
CheckRecipient , a machine learning startup that aims to end the problem of misaddressed emails once and for all , has raised $ 2.7 million in a round co - led by Accel and LocalGlobe , with the participation of Winton Ventures , Amadeus Capital Partners and Crane . The young company will use the fresh capital to double its size to 24 people , with a focus on hiring business development and engineering expertise . Founded in 2013 by three engineering graduates from Imperial College , the London - based startup CheckRecipient has developed an email security platform that uses machine learning to make sure sensitive or confidential data can not be sent to the wrong individual . CheckRecipient scans historical email data to understand conventional usage patterns and behaviours in companies ' email systems . Using machine learning allows CheckRecipient to spot anomalies and give users a chance to correct problems before sending . Unlike existing rule - based systems or encryption platforms , the system requires no administration or end user behaviour change . Following rapid take - up in the City of London , CheckRecipient is working with multinational companies across the legal , healthcare and financial services worlds , with a view to launching in the US shortly . It is also developing CheckRecipient 's technology to address additional security concerns that organisations have identified with email and documents . While there are daily scare stories about cyber attacks and the potential cost to business , basic human error and misaddressed emails are a much greater problem for companies in the financial services , legal and healthcare sectors . According to the Information Commissioner 's Office , misaddressed emails were the leading digital security incident reported in 2016 . A wrongly addressed email can lead to a loss of clients , revenue , and serious reputational damage . From May 2018 , the new EU General Data Protection Regulation will impose a mandatory requirement for organisations to report data breaches involving personal data to the Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) , and fines for the worst breaches will increase to up to 4% of an organisation 's global turnover . While there are lots of products on the market designed to make email more secure , they all require a high degree of behaviour change from end users or significant administration from IT teams , meaning that their effectiveness is diminished . Tim Sadler , CEO of CheckRecipient , said : " It 's human nature to fear the shark when we go swimming , but it 's crossing the road , an activity we do daily almost without thinking , that is more likely to kill you . There 's currently an obsession with the detection of malicious insider and external attackers , but the most common data security incidents reported to the ICO are all linked to human error . CheckRecipient allows organisations to demonstrate diligence to both clients and regulators by managing the risk of misaddressed emails . It also helps firms to protect staff from mistakes , which could cost them their career , in highly regulated , reputation driven sectors such as law and finance . " Luciana Lixandru , partner , Accel , commented : " CheckRecipient is developing an extremely effective product that resolves one of the corporate world 's biggest problems . As the technology is developed , there are a number of additional possible applications which will turn CheckRecipient into a gold - standard email and data security product . " CheckRecipient is already used by blue - chip names in London and in legal circles including a FTSE 100 financial services company , the world 's largest publicly traded hedge fund , Man Group , and Europe 's largest hedge fund , Winton Capital . Law firms who are using the product include Penningtons Manches and Travers Smith as well as some UK Top 10 and Magic Circle firms .
ASX - listed Xped , an Adelaide company working in the Internet of Things space , has announced its acquisition of local machine learning and AI startup Jemsoft for $ 200,000 in cash and 50 million Xped shares , which are currently at 1.4 cents . Founded in 2013 by Jordan Green and Emily Rich , Jemsoft 's work originally centered around a security solution for the retail industry that would have cameras analyse people as they approach a store in order to determine whether they are a genuine customer or may pose a threat , with the idea having come from Green 's experience being held at gunpoint during a robbery . This technology developed into Jemsoft 's Monocular API platform , which has over the years been used by companies in varying industries ; according to Xped , the startup has completed projects for clients including global conglomerates , SMEs , government , and other startups . Green said , " Xped 's success doing deals with companies in the US and China , specifically with device manufacturers and the successes they ' ve had in gaining adoption of their technology at the chip and module levels , showed us they 're the right partner to fulfil our vision of providing the most usable and accessible cognitive computing products and services in the world . " With Rich and Green to stay on with the company , as part of the deal Xped will acquire Monocular , Jemsoft 's intellectual property , and the 51 percent share the startup has in Media Intelligence Co ( MIC ) , a joint venture created through a partnership with academic Dr Karen Nelson - Field last year . MIC , which provides media companies and brands media measurement solutions and real - time insights , has a cornerstone research contract in place with Think TV Australia , which generates $ 500,000 a year in licensing fees . " This acquisition adds a substantial piece in Xped 's larger vision of building a complete end - to - end Internet of Things platform , " Xped said in a statement . " By leveraging Jemsoft 's advanced software and cloud - based expertise , Xped will implement leading artificial intelligence and consumer friendly technologies into its platform . " The acquisition comes at an interesting time , with The Advertiser reporting that Nelson - Field is taking Jemsoft to Federal Court , applying to wind up the company due to a debt of over $ 67,000 from consultancy work she did in early 2016 . With a hearing scheduled for May 24 , Nelson - Field told The Advertiser she had had no notice of the acquisition . Xped earlier this year secured deals with Chinese electronics manufacturer Lenze Technology , which will see its software integrated into more than 200 million devices , and with Solekai Systems , with its tech to be integrated into the platforms of Solekai 's existing customers , such as energy management systems , media players , and set top boxes .
Employees are the lifeblood of your company , and if you are n't showing them that you care , you 're going to have a bad time . While you might think raises and promotions are the only solution to this pressing problem , you 're wrong . There are plenty of ways to improve employee motivation without dipping into your wallet or assigning meaningless titles . We asked four entrepreneurs what one thing they do to motivate their employees without raises or promotions . Check out what they had to say and get your employees working harder than ever : This one 's easy - give them ownership of their job . Give them a reason beyond a paycheck why they should care about the work they do . And if they are n't passionate about their job , talk to them and find out how you can help them be passionate . - Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates As an SEO agency working in high - pressure situations in an ever - changing environment , it 's hard to help employees balance work and life . Employee satisfaction and happiness directly correlates with motivation and work quality . My team and I take ski / snowboard trips together , go on a whitewater rafting trip in the summer , and on occasion , I take them out for drinks after work . - Chris Rodgers of Colorado SEO Pros This past summer we had the most incredible team outing day at The Crescent Beach Club in Bayville , New York . The entire day was planned for the team from the limo ride out to Long Island , to beach volleyball and kayaking . It was a bonding experience for our agency and everyone still talks about it as the most fun day of the year . We will be doing it again this summer ! - Steph Jill Cartin of Socialfly NY Treat your employee to a dinner for two at one of their favorite restaurants or a place you know they have wanted to try . If they are a sports fan , concert goer or lover of classical art performances , you can put a cherry on top by throwing in a couple tickets to that as well . - Chuck Pettid of RainmakeMe FounderSociety is an invitation - only organization comprised of ambitious startup founders and business owners . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
The latest report to detail Australia 's startup performance has been released , with the 2017 global startup ecosystem ranking from Startup Genome seeing Sydney slip one place down the list to 17 . The list , based on a global survey conducted last year that received over 10,000 responses , along with publicly available data around startup valuations and investment , saw Silicon Valley , New York , and London take the top three rankings , while Beijing and Shanghai , analysed for the first time , came in at number 4 and 8 respectively . Though it has fallen , Sydney can take heart in the fact that this year 's report put it up against more competition ; the 2016 edition assessed 55 ecosystems across 28 countries , with Japan , South Korea , and China the new entrants , compared to just 40 ecosystems across 25 countries in 2015 . The ecosystems are assessed according to a variety of factors including performance , looking at startup output , exits , valuations , early - stage success , growth - stage success , and overall ecosystem value ; ' startup experience ' , or how well an ecosystem recycles experience into future startup performance ; resource attraction ; access to and quality of talent ; market reach ; and global connectedness . The report found Sydney has an estimated 1,300 - 2,100 active tech startups , with an overall ecosystem value of US$ 6.6 billion ; the global average is US$ 16 billion . Highlighted as a positive is the growing network of coworking spaces , accelerators , and incubators emerging to help boost growth and show Sydney is " on the path of establishing a globally competitive framework " . The report believes the proof of this is in the exits , singling out big money events including Atlassian 's IPO , AfterPay 's listing , and the acquisition of Menulog by Just Eat for US$ 687 million , while significant funding rounds , such as Canva 's last US$ 15 million round at a valuation of $ 345 million and Tyro o's$10 million raise , were also identified . However , though Sydney sits in the top 10 Exit Factor ranking , its Startup Output and valuation rankings are significantly lower , with the report suggesting the city may be benefiting from a few outliers . Also highlighted is the fact that Sydney is one of the most globally connected startup ecosystems , however its market reach is held down by its relative lack of foreign customers , this in turn contributing to a poor ranking in terms of financial performance . Rankings for talent are also low , however the report finds Sydney has one of the highest percentages of women founders in the world with 22 percent , while the global average sits at 16 percent . The city also boasts a high number of immigrant founders , with 31 percent , compared to a global average of 19 percent . Alex McCauley , CEO of StartupAUS , said the report reflects Australia 's growth over the last 18 months but more must be done to keep up with the competition . " Sydney still ranks as one of the best startup ecosystems in the world , and there are only nine countries ahead of Australia on this list . Yet despite the clear progress we ' ve made , the rankings remain largely static , " he said . " There 's a very clear message here : this is a hugely competitive , global race . We need to run fast to even maintain our position . That 's why it 's so critical that we do n't lose focus . " His thoughts were echoed by TechSydney CEO Dean McEvoy , who agreed that Sydney is doing well but needs more to push further ahead . " It 's a critical time for our industry . This report proves Sydney has what it takes to be in the Top 10 ecosystems in the world . We just need to accelerate our growth and the size of the industry with a central hub for startups , " he said . " If we provide space for the density our industry needs to grow and we all come together - in spirit and in one location - we will be an unstoppable force and create the next generation of jobs for Australia . " The development of a central hub has long been an issue for the Sydney startup community , with hope renewed recently after the NSW government announced it would look to develop a 15,000 square metre startup hub in the CBD . Looking beyond Sydney , analysed as part of a cluster of cities in Asia Pacific , the report found Melbourne is " itching to crack the top 20 " , however it " is n't quite there and faces stiff competition " ; though it almost scored a top 20 ranking in terms of its startup output , its valuation and exit numbers lag too far behind . Despite the competition , the report highlights Melbourne 's strong early stage funding rates , strong global connectedness , and high quality engineering . Also analysed was New Zealand , where the report found the talent and funding factors are above average , though overall performance is " significantly below average " . However , solid funding and talent should lead to better performance over time . A strong indicator of future potential is the fact that New Zealand startups have the highest percentage of foreign customers outside their continent at 25 percent , highlighting a strong ability to go global . New Zealand also ranks fifth in terms of startups finding positive corporate interest and involvement , with a rate of 65 percent compared to the global average of 51 percent . The full top 20 ranking :
Jess Butcher is one of the cofounders of Blippar , a visual discovery and augmented reality app launched in 2011 . The company has since gone from one London office to 11 offices in locations across the US , Turkey , India , Singapore and Japan . Earlier this year the company raised $ 99 million US dollars from Malaysian sovereign wealth fund Khazanah Nasional and Qualcomm Ventures . Butcher now wants to use the wealth experience gained over five years of building and expanding a startup to help others follow in her footsteps , recently becoming a mentor for Tech City 's programme Upscale , which promises to help 30 promising startups begin to scale up their businesses . She spoke to Techworld about what makes a good startup mentor and advice for startups hoping to expand rapidly ( our questions in bold ) . What made you decide to be a mentor ? I feel passionately about early - stage startups and the need to get more promising young British businesses to scale - up stage , competing better globally . SP What make a good startup mentor in your view ? Someone who listens , asks the right questions and encourages the right sense of prioritisation to quickly accelerate a startup 's fortunes . They may not know all the answers or fully understand the intricacies of every business they work with but they have had enough experience to advise on typical pitfalls and give logistical advice common to all rapid growth businesses - plus can act as a softer adviser on some of the personal challenges of entrepreneurship - having ' been there and done that ' and experienced many of the challenges that are common to most fast - growth businesses . What does ' scaling up ' mean to you ? To me , this means a business which continues to grow at a rapid rate but is moving out of the less structured ' all hands on deck ' , passionate ' build ' stage ( where they 're creating something from scratch , building a market and a brand for themselves ) into a more structured , hierarchical organisation where scaleable processes and rigorous focus are required . The challenges become very different - particularly around funding , culture and personnel and territorial expansion - plus more costly and damaging when it goes wrong ! What are the main challenges when scaling up a startup ? As above . Errors become more costly and time - consuming , burning through vital investment cash ( when taken ) . SP Finding the right people to scale your business appropriately is critical - good managers ( as opposed to the very good ' do - ers ' you might have focused on when starting up ) ; plus good investors , advisors and mentors , ideally who ' ve been there and done that . SP What are the main risks to avoid ? Getting your core market right before expanding territorially too quickly . Not paying enough attention to culture as you grow . Staying true to your big vision and not getting diverted by enticing short term opportunities or curve balls . Complacency and not raising your ambition and vision rapidly enough again to ensure you 're always stretching yourselves and aiming five steps higher . SP What practical advice can you give to startups considering the process ? Start to build your network now with individuals who have successfully scaled businesses . Keep tapping into this network and rotate questions and challenges you might have around them . Sign up to all and any scale - up events you might see advertised - they can be a great source of illumination . Project your organisation chart one to two years forward , ensuring your manage team expectations as to how they might progress within your fast - growth business - dissatisfaction and politics could creep in without this transparency . Appoint good professional service advisors - from lawyers to accountants or PR firms ( take recommendations from other entrepreneurs here ) . SP Do you have any good examples of UK startups that have successfully scaled up ? I think TechCity has done a pretty good job of identifying these already within their Upscale and Future50 groups ! SP I tend to follow the bigger tech consumer platform businesses that have scaled well internationally such as Skyscanner , Fanduel , Swiftkey etc - but there are many other great examples within the TechCity alumni pool - across a range of sectors . British technology businesses are starting to do tremendously well on the international scene and it 's incumbent on them to share their knowledge and experience amongst the up and coming entrepreneurial ranks to ensure we enjoy many more international success stories !
In a surprise move which shook Baidu 's stock , Andrew Ng , Baidu 's Chief Scientist and partner with Baidu 's founder Robin Li Yanhong in expanding Baidu 's AI activities into machine learning , driverless vehicles , and to power AI usage in advertising , maps , takeout delivery , and voice - activated search , resigned . Baidu 's AI group has expanded to over 1,300 people in China and Silicon Valley . Ng , who has been with Baidu since 2014 oversaw most of that change . Some see Ng 's departure as a setback to their AI efforts , hence the shakeup in the stock price . Others comment that the timing was right both for him and for Baidu . Ng blogged about his resignation that : I will be resigning from Baidu , where I have been leading the company 's AI Group . Baidu 's AI is incredibly strong , and the team is stacked up and down with talent ; I am confident AI at Baidu will continue to flourish . After Baidu , I am excited to continue working toward the AI transformation of our society and the use of AI to make life better for everyone . In January , Lu Qi , an AI exec from Microsoft , was hired as COO which included oversight of Baidu 's AI research and business . Today he announced Ng 's replacement as head of AI Group to be Wang Haifeng , also an AI expert , and previous president of the Association for Computational Linguistics , an international scientific and professional society for people working on computational problems involving human language . One analyst , Kitty Fok , from IDC , a provider of research , consulting and events for the data and telecom industries , said of Ng 's choice to leave Baidu : He wants to start his own company . Ng saw a golden opportunity to become an entrepreneur . It 's perfect timing for him because he has the expertise , he 's well known in his field , and interest is high for innovative tech start - ups . I would n't be surprised if Baidu , Tencent Holdings and Alibaba Group would be interested in investing in Ng 's potential new AI enterprise . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
Following its first foray up north through its support of the Baryamal program last year , corporate accelerator Slingshot is set to officially establish itself in Queensland , gaining the state government 's support to launch programs in Brisbane and Cairns . Working in partnership with theSPACE in Cairns , Slingshot will accelerate local tourism , hospitality , and entertainment startups , looking to in turn boost Cairns as both a business and tourism destination . Slingshot had expressed its desire to expand into Queensland following its acquisition of Melbourne - based accelerator AngelCube last year . Helping the organisation make the move now is the Queensland government and its $ 9 million Advance Queensland Industry Accelerators Program , with Slingshot joining the likes of Unearthed and BlueChilli as a funding recipient . Karen Lawson , CEO of Slingshot , said the industry focus for the Brisbane program will be determined by interest from potential corporate partners , but tourism stood out for Cairns . " If you look at the state and where the money is and where its economy is being formed , one of the top three sectors is tourism . For us it was a really natural standout to say , if we are going to affect this state in any meaningful way , it will be to look at how we drive new , disruptive ideas and businesses into that vertical , " she said . Troy Haines , CEO of theSPACE Australasia , said , " The tourism industry in Cairns has been booming in recent years and this accelerator program is a fantastic initiative to help develop the next generation of tourism startups in the region , " he said . Already an $ 11 billion industry , the state 's tourism industry is gearing up for a particularly busy time , with the Commonwealth Games kicking off on the Gold Coast next year . Slingshot is currently looking for corporate partners for the accelerator program . The state government is also looking to provide a boost for Far North Queensland through a $ 3.2 million funding program aimed at encouraging researchers and startups to take on the challenge of improving the water quality of the Great Barrier Reef . Dr Steven Miles , Minister for the Great Barrier Reef , is calling for innovators in water treatment system technology , agricultural management practices , and ecosystem repair to tackle the problem . " We 're looking for innovative approaches and technologies that will deliver real improvements for the reef , " he said . A total of $ 2.25 million in funding , which must be matched , will go towards running trials in reef catchments of water technologies that are either new or have been used successfully in other settings . A further $ 900,000 will be put towards supporting the development and trialling of innovative farming practices , new tools and technologies , and novel ecosystem repair models . The program is part of the $ 9 million Reef Innovation Fund , itself part of a four year , $ 90 million investment into reef water quality .
Entrepreneur is on the ground at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show . Check back for highlights from the event as well as insights from thought leaders and innovators . SP I ca n't remember the last time I sat down at my desk and actually typed something on my laptop . These days , most of my work is done on my smartphone or tablet . Productivity apps allow me to work faster and more efficiently while being 100 percent mobile . I ' m getting more work done than ever before , with no downtime between meetings . More and more executives are mobile - first these days . I may be an early adopter of the trend , but this is the way business is moving . In fact , with more than 2.5 billion smartphones in the world today , nothing really matters right now but the smartphone . When I head down to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , I 'll be spending the majority of my time in meetings at the Aria and Cosmopolitan with others in the ad tech and media industries . I 'll also be visiting the show floor as much as I can . While I ' m there , there are a few trends I ' m expecting to see , and another handful I ' m hoping to see . They 're all centered around mobile , which I suspect will be dominating the event : AR is connected closely to mobile , as we saw in 2016 when Pokemon Go launched . The first true mobile AR game was a mere taste of the ways in which AR allows us to bridge the digital and analog worlds using the cameras on our smartphones . While short - lived , it also showed us how AR can truly captivate the public . I 'd like to see more Pokemon Go - like experiments . Snapchat lenses and filters are another great example of how augmented reality is becoming mainstream . Our phones become a throughput for AR , and I hope to see more innovations like this , as well . Given the rumors about AR on the iPhone 7 and that Facebook has already dipped its toe in the pool , I think there may be some very interesting entries into the space at CES this year . In digital media , it 's a cliche we hear all the time : " Content is King , Distribution is Queen . " This is truer in the VR space than anywhere else in the industry . Today , both the king and the queen seem to be finding their way to the throne : there is more great VR content entering the market than ever , and distribution is improving daily . VR headsets can be found for less than $ 20 , and coupled with - you guessed it - your smartphone - they are making high quality VR very accessible . VR can also be experienced in a mobile browser , lowering the barriers to distribution and opening up huge opportunities for experimentation . Startups are emerging to take advantage of the opportunities . Media companies are experimenting with VR within their apps . While it 's difficult for investors to bet on emerging trends like VR , with so much more access to this amazing technology , now may be the time . There should be some very cool stuff happening in VR at the show this year . Computers can automate much of the processes and tasks humans can do . This extends to content and advertising optimization -- and also to the physical world via the Internet of Things ( IoT ) . This trend toward connected devices will drive AI to become more consumer - friendly and helpful . We 're already seeing this with products like Echo and Google Home . Siri was the first AI - based mobile personal assistant . She 's been mobile - first from day one , and she 's only getting smarter . I also expect to see AI - driven chatbots , based on smartphone messaging platforms , growing in popularity . These messaging bots will be used by media companies to create more relevant content experiences in a more intimate way with smartphone audiences . Publishers will have access to more , and higher quality , data on what 's resonating to drive better experiences with videos and other content formats . At CES , I expect to see multiple tech startups aiming to help media companies and publishers capitalize on this trend . I think 360 video and imagery will be prominent at CES . We 're already seeing more and more demand from advertisers for this technology , and this could be its breakthrough year . A close cousin to VR , this technology is much more accessible - you do n't need a headset . Through connecting with existing sensors on the smartphone , it bridges the digital and analog world in a very real way . With Facebook is already onboard as a point of distribution for this rich experience , I think this will be the year ad tech companies and publishers pick up on it . I ' m excited to see these new and emerging technologies on display in Las Vegas at CES . I ' m equally excited to see launches of new handsets that are optimized for these innovations . But most of all , I ' m looking forward to spending time meeting with thought leaders from the media and ad tech world , discussing how we can make these technologies work and improve daily life in a mobile - first world . Eric Franchi is co - founder of Undertone where he leads industry relations and manages the company 's most strategic partnerships . He also serves as an angel investor and advisor for multiple companies .
Katlin Smith is the founder of Simple Mills , a food startup that only uses simple , whole food ingredients . While working as a consultant , Katlin discovered she had a gluten - sensitivity and started experimenting with her almond - flour baking mixes on the weekends . SP Shortly after launching her almond flour muffin mix , it became the best selling muffin mix on Amazon . Simple Mills is now in over 2,000 stores nationwide , including in Whole Foods and Mariono 's in Chicago . In this episode , we talk about how she came up with the idea for Simple Mills , why it 's important to be the " chief sales officer " as the founder of a startup , and why she started with baking mixes . Plus , we delved into why nuts are so expensive , what she loves about being an entrepreneur , and what the process is like to bring a new food product to market . Finally , we cover , how she has found and cultivated her advisors , how the challenges of being a founder change as your startup grows , how she approaches getting into new stores , and why she thinks Chicago is the easiest city to network in . Listen in and learn a thing or two about living healthy in life and business . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON STITCHER SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Once a place reserved for posting shameless selfies , Instagram has rapidly shifted over the last few years to become the go - to place for brands to promote their products . Over five million global businesses look to Instagram to drive their product , with a fifth of them using paid advertisements on the platform to help spread their content . Harnessing the growth potential Instagram holds for brands is Postie , an online marketing tool which integrates a brand 's Instagram content into email templates in a bid to create appealing EDMs . Postie 's algorithm detects the ' best ' content in a brand 's Instagram feed based on factors such as likes and comments , before automatically spacing it out across an email . The platform is the first product developed by Astronaut Lab , a startup which focuses on imagining and developing products for different markets . The startup was founded by Peter Davis , who previously worked in the digital marketing space and was attracted to building his own startup after having helped build influence.co , a platform focused on connecting marketing ' influencers ' to brands and agencies . " I knew I wanted to start something in the tech space . Astronaut Lab is the studio through which we have a talented team of people collaborating around developing ideas into products that we can take to market , and then kill or spin - up based on the numbers and the numbers alone , " Davis explained . Astronaut Lab 's first product , Postie serves as a conversion tool for brands who have posted content to Instagram and are looking to draw through clicks to their website , while also serving as an extra avenue through which brands can put their Instagram content in the face of customers who may not be social followers , but email subscribers . " With Instagram 's reach algorithm , now only 20/25 percent of followers are seeing a brand 's content , " said Davis . " Obviously Instagram also does n't drive direct traffic from posts , so with Postie we 're saying , for people who have seen your content already , this is the conversion tool , and for people who haven't yet seen it , this is your second chance to get your content out in front of your customers . " For a customer sifting through piles of content - heavy daily emails in their inbox , Davis added that the picture - esque , aesthetic nature of Postie email offers them a " low touch " , easily readable alternative . " With Postie 's format , it does n't ask much of the consumer ; here 's our best snaps , check them out and click if there 's something that grabs you , " he said . Beginning development of Postie last year , key to the product 's identity was automation , which would serve as a way to greatly reduce the amount of time brands spend on putting together an EDM filled with Instagram content at the end of a busy day . For many brands , posting content to Instagram alone can be a protracted task , involving delicate lighting setups , image editing and multiple takes to get the right shot . " Brands put a lot of time and effort into making the output as appealing as possible , and continue to build connections and communities through [ Instagram ] , " said Davis . As such , the startup is targeting brands that are " time poor " and can not spare the time requirement to organise regular email content using traditional marketing platforms . Currently , Postie serves kids accessory brands , restaurants , hairdressers and ( completely unexpectedly ) fashion brands . It 's currently free for a brand to sign up to the platform , as Davis explained the business is in the process of building up a client base to discover what features they 'd like to see in a premium model , and then introduce the paid version . " Once we ' ve worked this out and built it , we 'll likely have monthly charge to access pro features that scales based on database size , " he said . Once signed up a brand connects their Instagram account , uploads their database of images , chooses a design template , then schedules when they want their EDMs sent . Postie then integrates the most relevant and recent Instagram content into the template two days before it 's scheduled to send , allowing the user a chance to make manual changes if they choose . A brand can manually add in hyperlinks to their respective web pages , and can also move images around the template and add any necessary copywriting . " They 're typically spending 15 minutes on editing their campaigns and then that 's it , " said Davis . " [ Meanwhile ] we 're hearing from a lot of brands that they 're spending at least five hours on their Mailchimp campaigns , and it 's just tough to actually find the time to do it when you need to work out what you 're going to say , write it , find or create the images and then build it . " Having bootstrapped establishing Astronaut Lab and Postie 's development , Davis said the business will aim to get 5,000 users from a range of industries utilising Postie on a regular basis as it works towards its paid model .
Lulabop CEO Mina Yoo demonstrating the Qliplet , now HEROCLIP , at the 2016 GeekWire Summit in Seattle . ( GeekWire Photo / Dan DeLong ) SP Lulabop , the Seattle - based lifestyle startup which created an " Invention We Love " at the 2016 GeekWire Summit with its multi - use carabiner / hook called the Qliplet , announced this week that it has raised $ 500,000 in a new funding round . Qliplet is also being refocused , and the brand and signature product are now called HEROCLIP . Mina Yoo , the former University of Washington profressor who is CEO and inventor of the HEROCLIP , said in a news release that in order to " grow from thousands of units per month to millions , we knew we needed more capital resources . " HEROCLIP 's group of Pacific Northwest - based investors , directors and advisors include David Bohan , former CFO and COO of Brooks Running and Filson ; Rob Harris , CEO of PMI ( maker of Stanley and Aladdin bottles ) ; the SWAN Fund ( a seed - stage fund managed by Jim Reed ) ; and Andy Liu , a Seattle entrepreneur . " HEROCLIP was received extremely well by our early customers , and we had the momentum to become a global brand , " Yoo said . The product , designed to hold and hang gear for everyone from outdoor enthusiasts to garage reorganziers , can be found in Brookstone stores on on Amazon.com . It 's also coming to ACE Hardware stores , where it will be part of an " Innovative Products Display " later this year . The infusion of capital will allow HEROCLIP to grow its product line in 2017 , adding different sizes and styles , with a price point ranging from $ 9.95 to $ 24.95 . " We doubled our Q1 projections and are in the process of rounding out our board of directors , " Yoo said . " I could n't be happier about where things are headed for us . " SP Watch Yoo during her " Inventions We Love " presentation at the GeekWire Summit last fall ( forward to 17:38 mark ) : SP
I was at an event recently that screened a 1956 short film -- Key to the Future -- in which GM envisions what self - driving cars would look like in 1976 . The footage -- with a uniformed guy in a control tower directing a singing family along a highway for autonomous vehicles -- inspired chuckles from the audience . One aspect of the video that did become a reality is the interstate highway system , a major milestone in vehicle transportation that better connected rural communities and big cities and cut travel time . But they also displaced entire urban neighborhoods when they were constructed and divided others once the work was complete . They enabled mass migration to suburbs for the more affluent , who could now easily commute by car into cities for work . But this sapped the tax base of large cities , setting up prolonged urban decay during the 60s and 70s . Sixty years since the GM film , we 're now are on the cusp of another major transformation in transportation with self - driving cars , and some are concerned they will have similarly negative unintended consequences . SP Experts think we 'll first see fully autonomous cars in urban areas , with city dwellers and commuters alike buzzing around in autonomous pods , freed from the drudgery of driving . Ford , for example , has promised to mass produce fully self - driving cars for ride - sharing purposes by 2021 . Uber is already testing autonomous vehicles , while the self - driving tech start - up Nutonomy currently offers robo - taxis rides in Singapore . Urban designer Peter Calthorpe , one of the top minds who spoke at the TED conference earlier this week , has a more pessimistic view of autonomous vehicles and how they could affect cities . While autonomous vehicles offer myriad benefits , such as increased mobility for the disabled and others , Calthorpe is concerned about further isolating people already detached by compulsive interaction with portable devices . " Putting people in their private bubbles , whether they have a steering wheel or not , is the wrong direction , " Calthorpe told TED head curator Chris Anderson following his talk . He worries about people using self - driving cars as solitary electronic chauffeurs or butlers that run errands and do n't require their owners to ever leave the home . Calthorpe 's other concern is that autonomous vehicle " will revitalize sprawl " as society becomes more urbanized . Others are also questioning whether self - driving cars could lead to longer commutes if people can be productive while in the car , making traffic worse in urban areas . Hesham Rakha , an engineering professor at Virginia Tech who studies traffic flow , told NPR in February that it 's difficult to predict whether self - driving cars will improve traffic congestion . " I do n't know the answer , " he admitted . " If the road is less congested , more people are going to be attracted to that road , and so basically it will become congested because it 's supply and demand . " And all those utopian visions of driverless cars making traffic and accidents a thing of the past could look just like as silly as GM 's Key to the Future film from 60 years ago .
The rollout of the National Disability Insurance Scheme has been welcomed by those in need around the country , however as with many a government service , the process of engaging with it - signing up , finding information , using it - can be difficult , particularly more so for those with a disability . Looking to make things a little easier is Nadia , a virtual assistant helping users navigate through information about and interact with the National Disability Insurance Scheme online . Nadia is the first commercial project for Auckland company Soul Machines , founded by Dr Mark Sagar out of the University of Auckland . Previously the Special Projects Supervisor at Weta Digital , Sagar worked on films such as Avatar and King Kong , winning Oscars for his work in 2010 and 2011 . According to Sagar , the vision of Soul Machines , which raised US$ 7.5 million in funding last year , is to redefine and humanise the way people interact with computers . " [ It provides ] a 21st century user interface in the era of Artificial Intelligence , robots and AR / VR using what has always been the most important human - to - human user interface - the human face - as a platform . The application of the technology is vast but the essence is that it augments , rather than eliminates the need for , face - to - face services , " he said . Sagar explained that one of his early motivations behind the development of Soul Machines was to create a character that could animate itself , which means , in a sense , giving it a sort of digital life force , or putting a ' soul ' into the machine . " We took computational neuroscience models of how the brain is thought to work and linked them to biomechanically based models of human faces . Our long - term goal is to better understand human nature through exploring biologically based models of embodied cognition and our fundamental driving forces , " he said . " Part of this long term goal is to better understand the brain and consciousness . I think the mystery of consciousness is one of the most interesting things in the world ; it is after all how we subjectively experience everything . I wanted to choose a mission that would keep me passionately interested for the next 20 years . " The development of Nadia began a few years ago , when Marie Johnson , head of the NDIS Technology Authority , contacted Sagar after he gave a demonstration of the company 's avatar technology at a conference in Adelaide . She invited him to speak and network at the NDIS New World conference , where they then began discussing how the Soul Machines technology could be used to improve accessibility and simplify the way people interact with government services . From there development began . With Soul Machines creating the avatar technology that gives Nadia her face and expressions , a co - design process saw the company work with NDIS technology architect Piers Smith , the Disability Innovation Research Group ( DIRG ) , and the IBM Watson team to bring all the various elements required together . The IBM Watson team worked with all the partners to teach Watson the fundamental language and concepts behind the range of disabilities , the types of services out there , and mechanisms available to find support , while the NDIS sought feedback from thousands of people with disability and worked with psychologists and scientists from the University of the Sunshine Coast to develop dialogue , and evaluate responses to the avatar and its effectiveness in communicating and conveying emotion . For Soul Machines , Nadia evolved out of Baby X , developed by Sagar and his engineering research team at the Laboratory for Animate Technologies at the University of Auckland 's Bioengineering Institute . Described by Sagar as " a working intelligent , emotionally responsive baby " , Baby X can see when you stand in front of her via a camera input that can process facial tracking and voice analysis . " Her biologically inspired ' brain ' is capable of displaying her emotional response . For example , you can show her a picture of a sheep and she can recognize the image , and audibly respond with ' sheep . ' Baby X accurately provides participants with a sense of her being there as they talk and interact , " Sagar explained . " This cognitive platform is being applied to Nadia 's embodiment ; the human - looking face and voice . Nadia is built on some of the most detailed interactive physiological models ever created , so that bone structure and muscle moves exactly as it does in real life . " The bone structure and muscles are linked to and controlled by neural networks built into an Embodied Cognition Platform ( ECP ) , which essentially is a central nervous system for the avatar . ECO controls the emotions the avatar can show , delivers speech , and can react to the voice it hears and the face it sees through a computer microphone and camera . Nadia 's character and personality was further brought to life by Blanchett , who volunteered to be her voice ; having a close relative with a disability , Blanchett said the project hit close to home for her . SP To be trialled on the NDIS 's participant portal , Nadia will be available 24/7 to guide users in their online interactions and transactions with the service through speech rather , with the aim to give people with disability a personal , tailored experience . " The Nadia interface is designed to be uncluttered and intuitive , and contains only three key components : the avatar window , where people can see Nadia 's face ; the chat window , where people can see their conversation history with Nadia ; and the input window , where people can either type questions or open their microphone to talk to Nadia , " Sagar explained . After someone asks Nadia a question , either by typing , speaking , or through another input , Nadia performs three tasks . The first is understanding , with Sagar explaining , " Nadia uses her natural language capability to interpret the question and form a hypothesis through cognitive reasoning as to what the person really meant . " The second task is answering , with Nadia 's dialogue capability then serving the user the corresponding response . These have been written by a specialist copywriting team , with selected batches of answers also having been reviewed by an expert in intellectual disability from the psychology faculty at the University of the Sunshine Coast and tested with groups of people from the disability community . The third task is communicating , with the avatar engine turning the text answer into speech by using the voice library recorded by Blanchett . The audio goes hand in hand with a corresponding facial animation that matches the speech and the emotion that the Agency has seeded for each answer , Sagar explained . The first iteration of Nadia will be able to answer questions about the NDIS and how it works , with the next generation to build on this by enabling Nadia to answer questions about an individual 's particular situation , including specifics about the user 's plan and plan implementation . " The following generation of Nadia , also due for release in 2017 , will build further on this personalisation capability and will be able to assist people with complex transactions using conversational models of interaction . "
As you may have noticed on your Facebook feed , video is everywhere , and brands are taking notice . According to data from eMarketer , digital video ad spending in the US is predicted to reach US$ 28 billion by 2020 , up from $ 9.9 billion in 2016 . Looking to take this video spend and create better content is Sydney startup SnackableTV , a free streaming platform , or network , for high quality short form content aimed at millennial viewers . SP Launched in December , the idea for the platform was born was born out of Kontented , a content production agency run by Kate Edwards . SP Edwards believes the internet is " littered " with either poor - quality short form content - including user - generated content , which Edwards calls " digital litter " - targeting young people , or expensive longform content targeting the traditional television or film consumption markets , with nothing in between . SP Through SnackableTV , Edwards wants to fill that gap , giving audiences aged between 13 and 30 access to high quality short form content . SP The idea first came from Edwards ' boredom and her frustration around the lack of ROI Kontented could provide to its commercial partners in the content space . SP " They literally had to rely on a wing and a prayer that their social audiences would pick up the content , but it was often just buried in YouTube . This meant they were spending thousands of dollars on really good quality content , but no one was seeing it , " she said . SP While on maternity leave , Edwards decided something had to change . " [ I thought ] , if I do n't change the way we do things , we will just end up in the same horrible agency cycle that kills all client / agency relationships , and we are n't even an agency . We 're the creators ; we want to make a great product and have a highly engaged audience to receive the content , " she said . Edwards told her husband her plans one night when he came home from work , telling him that if they did n't do it she would be quitting the business - and so SnackableTV was born . SP " We focus on episodic content to ensure that the target consumer can still ' binge watch ' , which we know is the key consumption behaviour for young people , " Edwards said . SnackableTV is looking to commission and license content for its audience across the broad banners of culture , music , gaming , film , podcasts , and style . SP So far , Edwards said there are over 350 episodes of content on the platform created by Kontented and other producers , with these amassing over six million views since it launched in December . SP To fund the production of this content , the platform will not use " ads , spam , and retargeting " , which Edwards calls SP " the shoes following you around the internet effect " , but rather look to help brands produce native content . Getting brands on board should n't be too hard , with Kontented having produced content for the likes of Coca Cola , ANZ , and McCafe . SP Edwards pointed Netflix out as SnackableTV 's closest competitor , but admitted the platform likely shares an audience too with other platforms such as YouTube Red and video networks such as Buzzfeed 's . SP " For us though , our most relevant point of difference is that we do n't have an opinion . SnackableTV is a platform agnostic of political opinion , gossip , and does n't stand for anything . We are simply technology enabling storytellers a platform to find and audience , and for an audience we are a platform where you can find great content , " Edwards explained . SP " Unlike Buzzfeed or Vice or even social media , we 're not going to rant and rave . Our shows might , but we as a brand stand completely agnostically of all that fodder and clickbait . We just want to deliver a seamless experience and awesome stories . " The fact some content will be powered by brands also raises the question of whether SnackableTV can be truly " agnostic " , while bringing viewers to the network and ensuring content does n't get lost in the ether wo n't be easy ; the likes of Buzzfeed , Vice , and Youtube are extremely well - known names that millions of viewers flock to because of specific channels , names , or points of view they house and represent . Here , Edwards said SnackableTV is looking at different ways to drive audiences to the platform ; one method it 's already crossed off the list is engaging influencers , which she said " felt really insincere and was so clunky in its execution , and did n't deliver results " . SP However , SnackableTV has secured a partnership with APN News and Media to broadcast a youth channel on Catch , the company 's in - transit content player . SP The startup also last month took a $ 300,000 loan from the NSW Government through its Jobs for NSW arm to help further its growth , with an eye on launching in the US over the next 12 months .
HBO O/"Silico Valley " and Skye Gould / Business Insider Part of the brilliance of HBO 's sitcom " Silicon Valley " is that leans on real - life people and events to show the silliness inherent in the tech industry . Some of its gags are so nuanced , they 're easy to miss . On the second episode of season four , the gang sits around the table eating pizza and tossing a ball . Eventually , Erlich , a character who owns the startup incubator where they live , moves the party outside and takes the pizza boxes with him . Blink and you might have missed it , but the boxes were round and made of something other than cardboard . It 's the only tell - tale sign that this was no ordinary pizza . In fact , the pizza -- made by pizza delivery startup Zume Pizza -- was created by robots . The characters never mentioned the pizza , nor were they shown actually eating it . Zume Pizza is located in Mountain View , California -- the heart of Silicon Valley . Founded in 2015 , the company aims to make better pizza more quickly by using robotics in the kitchen . A robot dispenses sauce on an uncooked pizza crust in the kitchen at Zume Pizza . Melia Robinson Robots use artificial intelligence to accept orders and make highly customizable pizzas . The kitchen can turn out 288 pizzas an hour . In an email to Business Insider , the team at Zume Pizza revealed what it was like making a cameo on the show set . " I ' ve loved Silicon Valley right from the offset -- long before I ever moved to the area , " Zume Pizza 's executive chef Aaron Butkus said . " So when we were asked to have our pies as part of the show , I was thrilled . " HBO O/"Silico Valley " and Skye Gould / Business Insider Producers at " Silicon Valley " reached out to the startup last October about using the pizza as a prop in the new season . The company sent 10 empty pizza boxes to the producers so they could check out the design . In addition to looking unusual , the boxes are made from sustainably farmed sugarcane fiber , which is recyclable and compostable . The bottom of the container has sloped ridges and a recess in the center that force liquids to pool where they wo n't touch pizza and make it soggy in transit ( though you ca n't make those details out on the show ) . Within a few weeks , Butkus and his brother drove from the Bay Area to a studio in Culver City , California , for the shoot . HBO O/"Silico Valley " and Skye Gould / Business Insider " The main challenge [ was ] that there would be no oven on site , and we wanted to ensure the pizza looked as if it was really delivered by Zume , not some substitute version , " a spokesperson for Zume Pizza says . Butkus brought 14 partially baked pizzas to the set , along with a portable oven to reheat and style the pizzas properly . When the brothers were told they were shooting the scene around the table , they finished cooking the pizzas and handed them off to the props crew . They made nine " Veggie Jackson " and five " Cheezy E " pies , that " turned out perfectly , " according to the spokesperson . " While we were n't able to go on set ( to keep plot developments confidential ) , we saw the cast from a distance coming and going from their trailers and studio , " Butkus says . After the episode was taped , Thomas Middleditch , who plays Richard on the show , met with Zume Pizza cofounder Alex Garden at the company 's office . Looking into some compression algorithms to integrate into our model . Really looking to put the " Pie " in Pied Piper . SP @siliconhbo @piedpiperinc # MiddleOut # ZumePizza # A post shared by Zume Pizza SP ( @zumepizza ) on Apr 12 , 2017 at 3:55pm PDT on Apr 12 , 2017 at 3:55pm PDT Looking into some compression algorithms to integrate into our model . Really looking to put the " Pie " in Pied Piper . SP @siliconhbo @piedpiperinc # MiddleOut # ZumePizza # A post shared by Zume Pizza SP ( @zumepizza ) on Apr 12 , 2017 at 3:55pm PDT on Apr 12 , 2017 at 3:55pm PDT Zume Pizza currently delivers robot - made pizza in Mountain View , and is gearing up for an expansion across the South Bay .
SproutX , the innovation hub launched late last year by Findex and the National Farmers ' Federation to focus on encouraging innovation in the agricultural sector , has today announced the official opening of its Melbourne coworking space and the appointment of Michael Dean , cofounder of AgFunder , to its board . As well as AgFunder , which helps agtech startups raise funding from accredited investors , Dean also founded SeedRock Africa Agriculture , helping develop agribusiness opportunities in Africa . Returning to Australia , Dean will mentoring startups coming through SproutX to help develop the local agtech ecosystem . " Australians have a unique cultural and historical passion for agriculture . Our farmers are among the best in the world , yet the industry is n't getting the support and funding that it needs to drive technology innovation to boost farm efficiency and productivity , " he said . " On a per capita basis , Australia spends 32 times less than the USA on agricultural venture capital . SproutX is the initiative Australia needs to address this imbalance and drive our nation 's next innovation boom . " The potential of the local agricultural sector was highlighted by a StartupAUS report last year , which outlined how , supported by agtech , the sector can develop into a $ 100 billion industry by 2030 . Investment in agtech globally is strong : according to AgFunder data , 2015 saw a record amount of funding for agtech , following the upward trend of the venture capital markets in general . 2016 saw a drop of 30 percent in agtech investment , falling from $ 4.6 billion to $ 3.2 billion , as global VC investment overall fell 10 percent . However , this figure is still well ahead of the $ 2.4 billion invested in 2014 , while the number of deals closed year - over - year also increased by 10 percent on 2015 . AgFunder attributed this to new support from a growing number of accelerators and other early - stage resources dedicated to food and agtech startups . Among these , of course , is SproutX X The coworking space will be free for eligible startups , with paid plans available for others . Sam Trethewey , general manager of SproutX , said , " Australia 's biggest natural advantage lies in agriculture so this co - working hub is designed to connect innovators , investors and the agriculture community to help bring these new ideas to fruition . " Another key aspect of the organisation is its pre - accelerator program and forthcoming accelerator . The pre - accelerator 's first intake of 100 startups and entrepreneurs finished up last year , with the top 10 pitching their ideas on Twitter via @AgChatOz , an online community for those interested in agriculture . Among the top 10 to pitch on the night were SmartShepherd , aiming to help drop lamb mortality rates ; Breeding Diagnostics , looking to help assess the fertility of mares ; and MilkFlow , providing greater accuracy around milk production metrics and in turn payment estimates through the dairy supply chain . Each startup taking part in the course received a $ 1,000 grant ; to open it up to to as many as possible , the content of the course has been released online . Accelerator director Andrew Lai said , " We ' ve been stunned by the quality raw talent that has come through our program and who knows how many more people are out there who would benefit from learning best practice methods . "
Shooting into popularity over the last couple of years , dating apps have quickly become the insert-90s - icon - here of the 21st century . SP Their continual presence has led to a point where it 's not out of the norm to find at least one dating app on the average Australian 's phone , regardless of whether they 're in a relationship or not ( " I just wanted to see what everyone 's on about with Tinder ! " , they will say ) . SP Thanks to booming consumer demand , the dating market has become saturated , meaning any business looking to carve their name into the dating scene has to go above and beyond to develop a unique identity , whether it 's through a focus on sexuality , niche interests or personality traits , and so on . SP This formed part of the ambitious challenge that Max Kenny set out to overcome with the development of TwoPeas , a dating app with a focus on using strict search parameters to create a more profound connection experience . Interestingly , the founder did n't have any first - hand experience with dating platforms upon developing the concept of TwoPeas , instead gathering his inspiration from observing others as they adapted to the changing e - dating trends . " I viewed the change from pre - app dating up until now , and have seen a shift in society 's perception of these platforms and their role in finding love , " said Kenny . To elaborate on this point , Kenny attributed the rise of " casual " dating platforms such as Tinder to society " normalising " dating platforms , essentially taking their purpose less seriously . SP " Even with the traditional platforms , a lot of users do n't treat it too seriously , while the modern platforms sort of gamified the search for love , " Kenny said . Acknowledging that , despite the changing stigma , there is still a popular market for dating apps , the entrepreneur sought to break the " endless loop " of consumers failing to connect with someone on a dating platform , taking a break , then returning to the same or another platform to try again . SP " I looked to create something that focuses on more core values straight off the bat , so you 're meeting people who you have a strong hit rate with , " Kenny explained . To gain insight into the dating market and create a unique product , the founder conducted extensive research into how current dating platforms connect their users , noticing that mainstream platforms such as OkCupid and eHarmony sort their users by having them answer predefined questions that hold a set ' weighting ' of sorts . This concept applies to other dating apps in the market too , whereby an algorithm will determine how important questions such as ' have you been in a relationship before ' are when showing a list of matches . Kenny explained that these algorithms are often flexible , meaning users often get paired with others even if their values do n't match well . SP Meanwhile , dating apps such as Tinder , Bumble , and Grindr devalue a user 's preferences nearly completely , instead choosing to bombard them with matches based on location proximity . To harness the best of these features and reshape their importance , TwoPeas allows its users to themselves weigh the importance of each question they answer . SP Combined with the normal tidbits of taking into account a user 's interests , the TwoPeas algorithm is able to ' force ' its users to only connect with people who share their values . There 's also a machine learning feature to help sharpen the algorithm 's search parameters . " The machine learning looks at which questions work best at getting matches , then slightly adjusts how they 're weighed , " explained Kenny . When a user joins the platform , signing on through Facebook verification , they must answer and select the value of a pool of predefined questions , using a scale to adjust their choice accordingly . Like many other platforms , these questions range from opinions on global warming to if a user 's been married before . SP After creating a profile , the platform functions similar to traditional dating app models , providing its users with a list of matches . What different , however , is that the user is n't able to view another user 's picture or profile without the two matching first . SP " This enables something more profound than just looking at hair colour or body shape , " said Kenny . If two users match , they 'll then be able to chat upon gaining access to each other 's profiles . Somewhat contradicting the strictness of the search parameters , there 's also a location feature in the app , where the platform notifies the user of others in a slim radius . SP Location features have been flagged as a privacy issue within connection apps such as Happn , Clink and Tinder , a concern which Kenny recognised and sought to alleviate in TwoPeas ; a user can not see any information about the other user nearby , including their picture . To extend upon its safety features , the startup has a team on - call 24/7 to investigate any reports a user submits . To scale this model alongside a growing user base , Kenny said the business will look into image recognition softwares and " other tech " , although it will require capital . Currently , the startup has been bootstrapped by Kenny ; there is no revenue model currently in place , though Kenny said he will look at both monetisation and investment moving forward . SP Revenue will likely come in the form of a premium feature , as Kenny said , " [ Premium ] will charge an amount smaller than other dating apps out there and give the user access to things such as more search parameters . " Kenny said the app has gained strong traction since launch at the end of last year : TwoPeas saw 20,000 matches in a two week period , and is set to reach over 20,000 monthly active users at the end of January . SP According to Kenny , 60 percent of these users are women . SP With a premium feature on its way , the business will look for funding to accelerate its growth , aiming to reach 165,000 monthly active users by the end of this year .
Stu Grubbs is a coounder and CEO of Infiniscene , a startup building the easiest way to livestream video . They enable gamers , and now Facebook and Youtube streamers , to easily create beautiful live broadcasts in their web browser without any experience or expensive hardware . As Stu mentions during the show , a lot of Chicago startups are new tech solving old problems so it is awesome to to have a startup empowering live streamers being built here . It is definitely both a cutting edge problem and solution . In this episode , you 'll learn about how difficult it is to setup a lifestream today , why quality will always be the differentiator with content creators , how big esports is today , and how e - gamers make more money on content then competition . Plus , we cover , what Infiniscene got out of Techstars , why starting a company is the real way to see if you are good at something , how a landlords faith in him allowed Infiniscene to survive , what kept him going when he was penniless , how he ended up hiring his biggest critic , and what the most exciting stuff he saw at E3 was . Finally , we go over how live streaming may work in virtual reality , how they have developed culture early in the company , the importance of one - on - one 's for culture , why they founded Infiniscene in Chicago , why every call should be a video call on a distributed team , and why Stu looks for cultural fit first when hiring . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON GOOGLE PLAY SP Read more inspiring interviews here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
A company that wants to turn Maine farmers ' surplus into high - end locally sourced frozen food has won the sixth annual UMaine Business Challenge , held in Orono . Anita van Dam and Grace Burchard , both students at College of the Atlantic in Bar Harbor , took home 1st place for their company , [ Re]Produce . The first - place finish comes with a $ 5,000 cash award , which van Dam said the pair will use to help launch the company in Portland this fall . ( More on [ Re]Produce below . ) Five teams of college entrepreneurs competed in the finals of the UMaine Business Challenge , which , despite its name , is open to student entrepreneurs from any Maine college or university . This year , three teams were from UMaine , one was from Southern Maine Community College , and the [ Re]Produce team is from College of the Atlantic . Second place , along with a $ 1,000 cash award , went to a group of three UMaine students -- Bradley Shepherd , William McEnery , and Devin Shepherd -- for their video game company , Boreal Games . Benjamin Koehler , a senior at UMaine studying mechanical engineering , won the Technology Award , which also comes with $ 5,000 , for a product he 's developed called the Comfort Appliance , which is able to draw heat off of a wood stove , and store it in a portable , insulated box that can then be carried to another room to provide warmth to an otherwise unheated space . Van Dam said [ Re]Produce provides value in two directions : first , it provides farmers an additional revenue stream by purchasing , processing and freezing their excess and unmarketable produce , and second , it provides discerning consumers with year - round access to locally grown vegetables . " By doing this , we increase access to local food while reducing ( in - field ) food waste , " van Dam told Maine Startups Insider . The company is beyond the idea phase . Van Dam , a sophomore , and Burchard , a senior , are currently working on the business in the Diana Davis Spencer Hatchery Accelerator , a business incubator at College of the Atlantic . They have worked on their business plan and spent time speaking with farmers , consumers and retailers to get more information about what the market is demanding . They already have eyes on a facility in Portland where they hope to launch the business this fall . The plan , as of now , is to market towards millennials , van Dam said . " Our niche market is millennials because they are more passionate about social and environmental issues and will use their food buying power to encourage change , " she said . Van Dam and Burchard have also spoken with the team behind Northern Girl , the innovative , locally focused food processor in Aroostook County that announced it was ceasing operations in early March . " They have given us valuable information that will help us make more strategic decisions , " van Dam said . " We admire Northern Girl for being the first local frozen produce business , and thank them for openly talking to us about potential problems that can arise from a business like ours . " The post [ Re]Produce wins UMaine Business Challenge appeared first on Maine Startups Insider . Read more about the Maine startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of Maine Startups Insider , created by Whit Richardson , a journalist who 's covered Maine 's business community for the past decade . Visit Maine Startups Insider to read more about Maine 's startup community and subscribe to the weekly newsletter .
Team Suplari from left to right : " CTO Jeff Gerber ; CEO Nikesh ( Niki ) Parekh ; Lead Architect Octavian Florescu ; Chief Products Officer Brian White . Photo via Suplari . Three veteran entrepreneurs just raised a hefty seed round from top venture capital firms for their stealthy enterprise startup . Suplari today announced a $ 3.1 million investment from Madrona Venture Group and Amplify Partners . Nikesh Parekh , the company 's CEO , told GeekWire that Suplari is in stealth mode and would n't reveal more details about its technology . The funding will be used to bring Suplari 's first product to market . " We are building an intelligent application focused on a unique data set in the enterprise that largely goes unmanaged today , " he noted . Parekh , a real estate technology veteran who previously held leadership positions at Market Leader and Trulia , co - founded Suplari with CTO Jeff Gerber and CPO Brian White . Gerber is a long - time engineering leader who co - founded startups like iConclude ( acquired by Opsware and later by HP ) and most recently helped lead Apptio 's machine learning and intelligent app development before the company went public last year . Parekh said Gerber originally approached him with the idea for Suplari . " The ' data liberation ' aspect of the business really appealed to me , particularly after seeing how Trulia and Zillow revolutionized real estate search by making data more accessible and approachable , " he noted . White , meanwhile , worked with Gerber at iConclude as an early employee ; he has experience working at places like Amazon Web Services and SkyTap . There are connections between the three founders and Madrona , one of the region 's top VC firms . Gerber previously worked at three separate Madrona - backed companies ; White worked for two Madrona - backed companies ; Parekh was an entrepreneur - in - residence at the firm nine years ago . Parekh said Suplari is a " great example of the importance of taking a long - term view on relationships , particularly in a city like Seattle . " In a blog post , Madrona Managing Director Matt McIlwain said the firm 's investment in Suplari is similar to other " intelligent app " startups it backs like Turi , Algorithmia , and MightyAI . He said " intelligent apps " is " an area we helped define . " " Intelligent apps combine data and machine learning to provide real - time , actionable insight into business and consumer applications , " McIlwain wrote . Suplari , which is working out of Madrona 's Seattle office , plans to employ 10 people by the end of 2017 .
The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) of Nigeria 's ban on equity crowdfunding " is seriously slowing down " the introduction of crowdfunding in the country , says a new report . The Crowdfunding Potential for Nigeria report released last month by the Crowdfunding Hub , says crowdfunding has significant potential in the country , but that the SEC 's ban issued in August last year has stifled the setting up of crowdfunding platforms . The SEC believes that crowdfunding can not be effective in Nigeria for now because of a lack of rules . Donation and reward - based crowdfunding are however excluded from the SEC 's regulatory remit . This is despite a fast - evolving banking system which provides a promising infrastructure for crowdfunding in Nigeria , as well as a burgeoning entrepreneurial scene and a fast - growing population of 179 million . " To move forward , donation and reward - based crowdfunding should be fostered as a first step towards crowdfund investing , " says the report 's author Suzanne Wisse - Huiskes of MatchBox Consultancy . Wisse - Huiskes , who lived and worked in Nigeria between 2014 and 2016 , consulted with over 30 policy makers , NGOs , investors , and entrepreneurs in compiling the report . She pointed out in the report that these types of crowdfunding have successfully paved the way for equity crowdfunding in other regions . The report says the African continent accounted for about $ 83.2-million in crowdfunding in 2015 , with Nigeria accounting for between seven and eight million dollars of this . At the start of this year Nigeria had one equity based platform , Malaik , launched in 2015 . The landing page on its website asks those interested to leave their details to join a waiting list for the relaunch of the site . In addition as the beginning of this year Nigeria had three donations - based platforms , namely : Donate - ng.com , Naturad and Imeela . The report notes that the lack of patent laws is another concern . It discourages entrepreneurs to share their business ideas online . Wisse - Huiskes told Ventureburn that " to my knowledge , peer - to - peer lending platforms are also illegal " . " The legal provisions of crowdfunding are a big challenge to the organisation ( SEC ) . However , they are looking for ways to go about it so that companies will enjoy the benefits of crowdfunding in the country as well , " says Wisse - Huiskes , who adds that the SEC is looking at the crowdfunding rules in US and Canada in order to ensure an enabling legal and regulatory framework . She said equity crowdfunding could prove to be an expedient way for many struggling entrepreneurs to raise capital , since they are considered as high risk to banks . Derin Fagbure , a director of donations - based platform FundMyP , agreed , saying crowdfunding can help thousands of Nigerian business owners to access finance . She said business owners often battle to obtain finance from banks which are reluctant to advance small loans which they view as more likely to be defaulted upon . Those that approach the government for funding often have to battle bureaucratic procedures , she added . However Fagbure said scams on donation - based platforms are common , meaning crowdfunding platforms often have to battle to win the trust of the public by making them more aware of what crowdfunding platforms do . Attempts to get comment from the Securities and Exchange Commission by time of publication proved unsuccessful . " GET MONIE " get - rich - quick mentality is pervasive throughout Nigeria . Just look at how many Nigerians both believed in , gleefully embraced and then , fell victim to , the recent ' pyramid - selling ' MMM Ponzi scheme . Even large tranches of university students naively gambled away their entire semester school fees on that ' 419 ' scam . Nigeria is far from ready for sophisticated trust and belief funding arrangements such as crowd funding . Nigeria'a artful 419'ers would immediately sswoop upon crowd funding as a ' Candy Store ' playing field . The result would be a list as long as your leg ( longer than your arm ) of undelivered , dissappeared projects . It would be a veritable bloodbath of gullible scammed investors . The SEC , right now , recognises the state of the nation and is acting kind of like the Ministry Of Health , in giving early Financial Health education to the populace - whist setting out an immunisation and disease - control structure for what has been , for a very long time , a peculiarly - Nigerian pandemic scourge of Economic and Financial Criminology . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startup news , Startups , Venture capital
With barriers to entry coming down fast startup , digital - only banks are starting to get their licences . Atom is one of the first , receiving its licence in June 2015 and launching services through its mobile app in April 2016 . SP Based in Durham , Atom Bank is marketing itself to young , internet savvy users tired of traditional banks . The website , branding and marketing is both cuddly and slick . Atom Bank started providing two year fixed rate residential mortgages through selected independent advisers in December 2016 , joining its two Fixed Saver accounts and SME business lending product . Customers can track any changes to their mortgage progress after receiving a decision in principle ( DIP ) through the Atom app . Current accounts are due to be added later this year . The bank was founded by Anthony Thomson who co - founded Metro Bank and the CEO is Mark Mullen , formerly of First Direct , so there is banking pedigree at the top level of Atom Bank . Atom Bank has raised an eye popping PS234 million in capital so far , including a reported PS100 m venture round in February 2017 . Existing investors include hedge fund Toscafund , Neil Woodford , and Spanish bank BBVA . Digital challenger bank Monzo ( the challenger bank officially changed its name from Mondo in August 2016 following an undisclosed legal challenge ) is building its banking software from the ground up so that customers will have a current account that lives on your smartphone . This will include transparent , real - time information about your money , geolocated transactions , peer - to - peer transactions and historic data on your spending with specific retailers . Monzo gained its full , unrestricted banking licence from UK regulators in February 2017 . This means the now - official bank can hold customer money and offer products like current accounts . CEO and former GoCardless co - founder Tom Blomfield wrote in a blog post last year : " We 're tired of hidden fees and charges , endless paper forms , and nothing quite working in the way we 'd expect . So we 're trying to build a bank that we 'd want for ourselves , our friends , and our families . " Monzo raised PS19.5 million in February 2017 , led by Thrive Capital . Other investors included Orange Digital Ventures and Passion Capital , who already invested PS13 million in the startup bank . Monzo is also seeking a further PS2.5 million crowdfunding round through Crowdcube ( also on this list ) after raising PS1 million in 96 seconds on the platform in March 2016 . You can keep up to date with what Monzo is up to through its product roadmap , which is a publicly available Trello board . While working for Skype in London , Taavet Hinrikus grew tired of paying fees when transferring money back to Estonia to pay his mortgage . Along with Kristo Kaarman he launched TransferWise in 2011 as a peer - to - peer money transfer platform which would save people and business owners paying hidden bank fees and inflated exchange rates when transferring money into different currencies . The easy to use online platform lets you convert currency using a calculator tool which shows transparent pricing on the exchange rate and the TransferWise will charge , which is typically 0.5 percent for GBP transfers , as well as how much they think this is saving you . TransferWise is UK Financial Conduct Authority authorised and attained unicorn status in May. The company was valued at $ 1.1 billion following an additional $ 26 million ( PS17.7 m ) funding round led by Scottish asset manager Baillie Gifford and existing investors like Andreessen Horowitz , Richard Branson , Peter Thiel , and Max Levchin . Former CEO Nick Hungerford founded Nutmeg to make investments accessible as an online platform . Nutmeg acts as an online wealth manager from as little starting capital as PS500 and charges a management fee of 0.3 percent to 0.95 percent compared to a UK active fund average of 1.58 percent . SP When you register you tell the platform what you are saving for and how much risk you want to take before being presented with a portfolio that you can check in on 24/7 . The investment decisions are made by the Nutmeg team on your behalf , no algorithms . You can withdraw your money whenever you want with no exit fees . All the hallmarks of a good fintech company are there : an user - friendly online interface , transparent pricing and a mission to bring down barriers . Nutmeg has raised PS71 million to date , including a PS12 million round in January led by Asian bank Taipei Fubon . Other investors include Schroders , Balderton Capital , Pentech , Armada Investment Group and Nigel Wray . Founded by Oxford graduates Matt Robinson and Hiroki Takeuchi , GoCardless uses technology to process business to business payments and direct debits quicker than traditional providers . The technology brings down barriers for small businesses to process direct debits by aggregating payments , and fees are kept low at 1 percent per transaction which is capped at PS2 . Customers can process payments using one of three tools : an online dashboard , account software partnerships or as an integration via an API . Customers ca n't accept credit card or instant payments via the platform though and the system is limited to the UK and Europe as the company continues to grow . GoCardless raised $ 25 million ( PS20 million ) in funding so far , including a $ 13 million round in March 2016 led by new investor Notion Capital , with participation from existing backers Balderton Capital , Accel Partners , and Passion Capital . Revolut started life as a mobile wallet app to help customers avoid fees when taking out money abroad . Once signed up users get a physical MasterCard . You top the card up from your debit account and when you make purchases abroad the card exchanges the money into the local currency so that you do n't get hit with any fees . Customers can also easily send money to friends through popular channels like WhatsApp . Even though it does n't have a banking licence the startup launched its own version of a current account in February 2017 , so UK customers can get a personal international bank account number ( IBAN ) through the app . This means customers can transfer money from an existing bank account and route their salary directly into Revolut , but not direct debits . The app also added spending categorisation , bill splitting , remote card freeze and a chatbot to handle support requests . It followed this up with the launch of a premium service in March 2017 , allowing customers to spend , transfer and exchange unlimited amounts of money in 23 currencies without any fees for PS6.99 a month . Revolut has raised around PS20 million to date from venture funds like Balderton Capital , Index Ventures , Point Nine , Venrex , along with angel investors and crowdfunding . This includes a PS6.75 million round in July 2016 . Azimo is a mobile money transfer startup in the vein of WorldRemit or TransferWise with a focus on migrants wanting to send money home at up to 90 percent less than traditional remittance services like major banks and Western Union . App users can also request , send and receive cash internationally using just a mobile phone number . Azimo has raised a total of $ 46 million ( PS37 million ) so far , including a venture round of $ 15 million ( PS12 million ) from Japanese ecommerce company Rakuten in May 2016 . ClearBank is the UK 's first new clearing bank in more than 250 years . Launched by Nick Ogden , formerly of Worldpay , ClearBank is a little different to most fintech companies in that it is not for consumers . Instead , ClearBank provides access to the primary UK payments and card issuing systems , like Faster Payments and SWIFT , for new entrants to the financial services industry to get started quickly and easily . The startup will be using Microsoft cloud technology through two data centres , which it hopes will give it greater agility , transparency and the ability to charge lower fees than the big four clearing banks , which are laden with legacy technology . ClearBank services are due to be generally available by Autumn 2017 . Ogden himself is worth north of PS40 million and the startup has been backed by John Risley , a Canadian entrepreneur , and Petr Kellner , who founded the PPF investment fund . London - based fintech startup iwoca ( instant working capital ) gives small business fast and flexible access to capital , without the upfront fees , lengthy forms and long - term commitments traditionally associated with business credit . The founding team consists of CTO James Dear , who holds a PhD in theoretical physics from Kings College London , and CEO and ex - Goldman Sachs trader Christoph Rieche . The startup has already lent PS200 million to small businesses.- iwoca has raised $ 59 million million to small businesses . The secret sauce of iwoca is its risk model , which uses big data techniques to asses small businesses ' trading data to make a quick , informed assessment of risk and what credit limit they are subsequently willing to give , ranging from one month 's revenue to PS100,000 . There are no upfront fees , iwoca charges a basic interest rate starting at two percent and increasing the longer you take to pay . iwoca has raised $ 59 million ( PS47 million ) in funding so far , including a $ 20 million ( PS15 million ) Series B round led by CommerzVentures , Acton Capital Partners and German VC firm Redline Capital . Tide is a fintech startup focusing on business customers . Business banking is infamously antiquated and time consuming , so Tide has created a set of tools to try and help small business owners with their banking . Customers can get started straight from their mobile by scanning an ID and will be sent a MasterCard to use for business transactions . Tide also provides a set of digital tools to help simplify some of the more time - consuming aspects of business banking . This includes automated bookkeeping , expense tracking with the ability to attach notes , incomes and photos to each transaction , and automated invoice scanning . Your money will be held by Barclays but it wo n't be re - invested by the bank . Tide also charges lower fees than normal business accounts , with no account or card purchase fees , 20p per transfer and PS1 per ATM withdrawal . Tide raised a seed round of $ 2 million ( PS1.6 million ) in July 2016 from LocalGlobe , Passion Capital and some angel investors . Receipt Bank looks to solve a tedious business problem : bookkeeping . Instead of accountants having to receive invoices and manually input the information into an Excel spreadsheet , the cloud - based software automatically extracts the data into the platform and delivers downloadable spreadsheets , or even integrates with your existing cloud based accounting software , saving accountants and small businesses time and effort . All you have to do is get clients to send their invoices and expense claims into the Receipt Bank email address provided when you register . Receipt Bank raised PS3.1 million from Silicon Valley Bank in January 2017 , with the money earmarked for expanding its artificial intelligence ( AI ) capabilities . This follows a $ 10 million ( PS7 million ) Series A funding round led by Kennet Partners in February the year before . SETL is a payment and settlements infrastructure based on blockchain technology based out of London and an engineering centre in Ipswich . The startup has a general purpose blockchain solution for financial services companies looking for immutable payments and settlements called OpenCSD , and has already helped clients like Deloitte - which has invested in the startup - with an ID system based on blockchain . In the company 's words : " The SETL system will enable market participants to move cash and assets directly between each other , facilitating the immediate and final settlement of market transactions . The SETL system maintains a permissioned , distributed ledger of ownership and transaction records , simplifying the process of matching , settlement , custody , registration and transaction reporting . " SETL has raised around PS30 million in funding so far . dopay has built a cloud - based payroll platform which allows employers to pay people who do n't have a bank account ( two billion people worldwide according to the startup ) without having to deal in cash . Founded by Dutch serial entrepreneur Frans van Eersel in 2013 , dopay works out of the Level39 accelerator in London 's Canary Wharf . The highly - automated platform also simplifies payroll processes for finance departments , like calculating salaries , emailing payroll slips and submitting government forms . Employees can get their salary paid into a dopay account , which comes with a pre - paid Visa card to use at ATMs , in - store or online , as well as an app for managing their finances on their phone . The company has raised $ 2.4 million ( PS1.8 million ) in a pre - series A funding round led by Techstars Ventures and Force Over Mass Capital in January 2016 . Trussle was founded in 2015 by Ishaan Malhi , a former real estate and structured finance analyst at Bank Of America Merrill Lynch , and Jonathan Galore , an experienced fintech entrepreneur , the online mortgage advisor has been regulated by the FCA and already claims to manage nearly PS500 million of mortgages . With Trussle you can apply for a mortgage online in less than five minutes , with no paperwork involved . Trussle aggregates mortgage products via an API feed provided by a specialist company , and works with the mortgage advisors bureau ( MAB ) , giving them access to roughly 11,000 deals from 90 lenders in the UK market . Read more : Meet Trussle , the one - year - old startup taking on the UK mortgage industry Trussle has also built a mortgage tracking service , built on the aforementioned API , which will automatically compare a customers existing mortgage with alternatives in the market on the back end and email you if there is a better deal available . Trussle has been backed to the tune of one million pounds by angel investors , LocalGlobe and Seedcamp . Property search giant Zoopla announced a strategic partnership with Trussle in February . Trussle raised PS4.5 million in funding in January 2017 led by Orange Growth Capital and including investment from existing investors LocalGlobe , Seedcamp and property portal Zoopla , who combined for a PS1.1million seed round in February 2016 alongside angel investors Ed Wray and Ian Hogarth . Chip is an automated savings app which links up with your current account . The Chip algorithm calculates how much you can afford to save and transfer it to a Chip savings account - held with Barclays - adjusting all the time depending on spending habits . Users simply have to download the iOS or Android app and grant Chip read - only access to their online banking through an encrypted API . Chip currently works with Barclays , HSBC , Santander , Lloyds , NatWest , Nationwide , RBS , TSB , Halifax , First Direct , Co - operative Bank and Metro Bank . The mobile savings app is a busy space , with rivals like the Facebook messenger app Plum and Moneybox offering alternatives , but Chip 's founder Simon Rabin - who created and sold the roaming charge - avoiding app Roamer - says that savings are just the start , with other financial services in its sights . Curve allows you to combine all of your bank cards under a single app and card . Not only does this make your wallet lighter but you can track all of your transactions in one place , in real time . How does it work ? Just take a picture of your cards ( current account , credit card : regardless of which country that account is based in ) and Curve pulls them together into an Apple Pay style display . You then set a default card using the app , allowing you to use your Curve card for chip and PIN , contactless , cash withdrawals or mobile payments , all under a single PIN . The Curve card is build on MasterCard rails , meaning it is accepted anywhere MasterCard is and comes with all the same security , with the added assurance that your actual cards are safely left at home . You also wo n't get charged when using Curve abroad , regardless of which card you use or which currency you are dealing in . All transaction data is then pulled together in the Curve app . You will get a notification once a payment is made and you can tag and categorise payments on the platform to get a simple view of your finances . You will still be charged for ATM withdrawals when abroad though ( PS2 ) and Curve charges one percent on top of the MasterCard wholesale foreign exchange rate . Update 25/05/2016 : Curve has announced that it no longer supports American Express transactions . A tweet from the American credit card company 's UK account stated : " We do n't feel confident in the support / service in place . We remain open to discussion with curve [ sic ] if we can work in the future . " One of the key selling points for Curve was being able to use your AmEx in locations where it normally was n't accepted and still collect reward points . Curve costs PS35 to get an account set up and a card shipped out to you , with no further fees . Curve completed a $ 2 million ( PS1.4 m ) seed round in December , led by Taavet Hinrikus of TransferWise , Ricky Knox of Tandem bank , Ed Wray of Betfair and former members of the Google Wallet team . Cardiff - based fintech startup Wealthify launched in the UK in April with its hybrid investment platform , combining humans and algorithms to offer investment portfolios with lower barriers to entry . CEO Richard Theo told Techworld.com : " We 're trying to democratise investing to make it accessible with a much lower starting point at PS250 [ Nutmeg starts at PS500 ] and the whole simplicity of design is to target the mass market . " Wealthify will ask you to select a risk proposition , which is presented in plain language . This is then backed up by a suitability test to validate their own logic on risk models , " so a safety net to make sure people are n't going in the wrong direction , " says Theo . Then Wealthify will invest in a range of asset classes , like Exchange - Traded Funds ( ETFs ) , with the algorithms defining which asset classes to invest in and when depending on market information and your risk profile . According to Theo , due to regulatory reasons Wealthify can not define the returns ( although Nutmeg does with its ISA proposition ) but : " Historical stock market trends over the last five years and over the MCIS stock market index shows 8.2% per year . " This varies dependent on risk . Wealthify has been funded by it 's co - founders so far and will be seeking additional funding now that it has launched . Theo said : " There is no shortage of appetite for investing , no question , but crowdfunding could be good for the advocacy reason . " DueDil is the UK 's equivalent to Bloomberg business when it comes to getting information on companies , but with more detail . The platform pulls together data from thousands of sources including company websites , financial filings , news reports , registry data , trademarks , and country court judgments . This information is then searchable by company and presented in on a user friendly platform . This helps companies do their due diligence ( hence the name ) and avoid risks by identifying the right companies to sell to , get insights into their business , and make a sale . Since 2011 DueDil has raised nearly $ 30 m ( PS20.6 m ) from investors including Oak Investment Partners , Passion Capital and Notion Capital . and includes customers like Royal Mail , Stripe and Kuoni . Everyone has heard of Kickstarter , a peer - to - peer platform that allows people to raise funds for projects via donations from the general public . Crowdcube takes this idea and applies it to investing in actual businesses . Users of Crowdcube can play venture capitalist but on their financial terms by investing in startups , early stage and growth businesses and receive equity , debt and investment fund options in return . Since 2011 the platform has funded companies to the tune of PS138 m already via 245,690 registered investors , including tech startups like Rentify and Luxtripper . Crowdcube itself has raised PS6 million from stockbroker Numis , Draper Esprit and Balderton Capital . Funding Circle 's peer - to - peer platform lets savers invest in small UK businesses and earn an estimated return of 7.1 percent , while the businesses themselves get access to loans of between PS5,000-PS1 million without having to deal with banks . On December 29 , 2015 Funding Circle passed the PS1bn mark in terms of funding , coming from 46,865 investors . The UK government backed the startup in February 2014 with a PS40 m investment from the British government to fund small businesses through the Funding Circle platform . Funding Circle landed in the top five of KPMG 's fintech 100 list , the highest ranked UK startup . SP Bud is an app which helps customers bundle all of their financial services into a single digital wallet to help keep tabs on all transactions and cut through the noise . Bud plans to launch a ' marketplace ' where you can compare different available products this year , but instead of having to do the heavy lifting yourself Bud will include algorithms for smarter matching of customers and products . It is also looking to incorporate an ' intelligent assistant ' feature into the app . SP Bud has been self - funded to this point but plans to raise its first round of capital in 2017 .
Starting a company is hard enough , but establishing a startup across different continents adds to the challenge . But that 's what my cofounders , Kristina Prokop and Trent Lloyd , and I did more than six years ago when we started Eyeota , the global leader for audience data , simultaneously in Singapore , Berlin , and Sydney . Being a programmatic startup in EMEA and APAC was challenging . Eyeota was founded at a time when the ad tech landscape was changing and programmatic advertising was emerging . Seeing the need for audience targeting solutions , we set out to build an audience data marketplace to support the growth of programmatic and the range of marketing opportunities and beyond . Ambitious as we were , the market was still in its infancy , especially in those regions , and we were helping to break new ground on a global scale . Fast forward six years and we recently opened our first U.S. location and our seventh office globally . Many people ask us why we started internationally in the first place . Their argument is that the U.S. is the most important and powerful market and businesses should start here before going overseas . Unfortunately , many entrepreneurs fail before they ' ve even had a chance to set foot in another state . Starting a company internationally helps you to understand the expanse of the world . American companies think everything works like the U.S. because it 's big and homogenous . But they forget that people are very different outside of the U.S. So when they decide to expand internationally , the market can be unforgiving . Building infrastructure in a new country needs to be done on a local level . Every single market you enter , people have different cultures , different habits , and different ways of doing things . As a data company , we know this firsthand . We are very careful developing local data sets and building segments so that our understanding of consumers , our data collection and our privacy adherences are on a local level . Everything from customs to business is done differently from region to region . For example , in the U.S. , business transactions are very upfront and direct . You have a discussion , you negotiate the best deal , and you 're done . Meanwhile , in the UK , you might have to take an agency out for drinks for a few weeks before you can earn and build that trust . You ca n't simply take an American paradigm and deploy it in Asia or the UK , just like you ca n't take a German paradigm and deploy it in the U.S. , Canada , or Japan . The world is different ; the sooner you understand that , the sooner you 'll be able to successful run a truly global business . Here are some global tips to help make the expansion smoother : The world is a big and diverse place . What will work in one region may not work in another . Understand the differences and nuances in societies , cultures , behaviors , practices , structure and localness . By better understanding your market on a local level , you 'll be able to operate more successfully . Do n't assume that what has worked for you in other areas will work in other markets . To be successful in a new market , you need a tremendous amount of patience , understanding , and listening . You will learn a lot over time but there will always be something that arises that will surprise you . At the onset , we focused heavily on data privacy and quality and ensured that we were adhering to each region 's data privacy and collection guidelines . We wanted to make sure that not only was our data accurate but that it was of the highest quality . Partners are essential . We work with our partners ( publishers and data suppliers ) in a true collaborative effort , helping them turn their data into assets that they can monetize and build a business from . Whether they 're yours or someone else 's , pay close attention . When we first started Eyeota , we wanted to build or business across the world in non - U.S. markets . At the time , the ad tech market in the U.S. was very commoditized and cluttered with companies venturing into the ad network space . Unfortunately , that sector experienced a decline . Hire smart people with the right attitude and basic skill sets , and you can train them and help build their experience as an asset . Although there was never any shortage of people who wanted to work with us , we had challenges finding the right people with the right experience when we first started . It was a new market so we invested in a lot of education and training . Read more about global entrepreneurs here at Tech . Co
While investors poured $ 13.9 billion into venture - backed startups during the first quarter of 2017 , none of those dollars found their way to Maine companies , according to the MoneyTree Report , a quarterly tally of VC deals from PricewaterhouseCoopers and CB Insights . It 's the first quarter in more than a year that Maine companies did n't record a single VC deal ( though comparisons over time are now difficult as the MoneyTree Report changed its methodology at the end of 2016 ) . Last year 's first quarter saw three Maine companies ( Pika Energy , Redd , and Cerahelix ) raise a total of roughly $ 3.8 million . However , as Mainebiz points out , Rambler 's Way Farm ( started by Tom Chappell of Tom 's of Maine fame ) and Double Blue Sports Analytics both filed paperwork with the SEC during the first quarter that updated previously reported investment rounds . Maine Venture Fund did n't make any investments during the first quarter either , because MVF is a quasi - state organization , the MoneyTree Report does n't include its deals in the report . " Lots of things cooking , but no closes , " John Burns , MVF 's managing director , reports . Burns said MVF has two follow - on investments ready to close during the second quarter , though . Maine was the sole New England state to record zero VC deals during the first quarter , according to the MoneyTree Report . Companies in Massachusetts , which is the region 's perennial VC magnet , pulled in $ 1.8 billion over 95 deals , while Connecticut companies pulled in $ 85.9 million in 12 deals . Rhode Island and New Hampshire both recorded three deals that brought in $ 18.8 million and $ 16.2 million , respectively . A single deal in Vermont got it on the board with $ 150,000 . The post Maine startups log zero VC deals in Q1 appeared first on Maine Startups Insider . Read more about the Maine startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / Steve Dorsey This article is courtesy of Maine Startups Insider , created by Whit Richardson , a journalist who 's covered Maine 's business community for the past decade . Visit Maine Startups Insider to read more about Maine 's startup community and subscribe to the weekly newsletter .
In the startup community , the do - it - yourself ( DIY ) approach to bootstrapping a business is NOT the most celebrated concept . It is considered inefficient and risk - ridden and , I dare say , not at all sexy . But myths are made to be debunked . Bootstrapping is n't always a surefire route to burnout and hitting the deadpool . It can be a path to creating real businesses , small or large , that can support their founders and employees . Over the last 16 years of bootstrapping and running two profitable businesses , I ' ve learned my fair share of lessons . And through my success and failures , I can confidently say that bootstrapping is a viable method . With all the tools and resources out there , the right strategies and sheer persistence , you have a good chance to succeed . My entrepreneurial journey began back in 2000 . I was completing my last semester as a Biology major at the University of Maryland , a couple years after being diagnosed with a debilitating autoimmune illness called Crohn 's Disease , all along clueless about where I was headed with my career . My friends were getting ready for summer vacation and preparing for graduate school , while I was forced to drop out of college and ended up stuck at home , nearly bedridden . SP I was on a ridiculously strict diet and several medications . I was months away from achieving remission and getting back to normal life . It was one of those moments in which I felt I was reaching rock bottom , both personally and career wise . I had two options : do nothing and let time go to waste ; or own the situation and put all of my free time to better use . This is when I received my first lesson as a DIY entrepreneur : Starting a venture does n't require a lot of material resources . Your most important asset is unbridled enthusiasm and abundant persistence . SP I had $ 170 in my bank account , an old desktop computer with a big fat VGA monitor , and a lot of time . It turned out to be more than enough to start creating something from nothing ; a sort of baby step that led me to start the two companies I continue to run today . While I was low on resources , timing worked in my favor . The turn of the millennium presented unprecedented growth opportunities for the internet . It was the time for businesses to go online . Y2 K thankfully did n't trigger the end of technology as we know it , and , as many have predicted , the netizen population was growing exponentially , and thousands of dotcom startups and billions of dollars were meeting face to face . My intuition told me it was the right time to start an internet business , and I came up with this idea : Set up coupon pages for businesses so that their customers could print out special offers from the web . Then came lesson number two : Things wo n't go as planned , but do n't overlook the opportunities that come with change . SP After a few weeks of rejection , a turning point happened : a local business owner called and asked me to design a website for him . " Sorry , that 's not what I do , " I explained to him . " What I offer is an online coupon page and you pay me a fee to host it online . " With an incredulous gasp he said : " Why the heck would I want that ? I want my own website ! How much would that be ? " That was the third most important lesson I ' ve learned : Give your customer what they want , and not what you think they would want . SP I thought to myself : Why in the world am I selling $ 99 coupon pages when this business ( and probably many others like it ) would be happy to pay me more to have their own site ? SP Today " validating your business model early and often " is widely adopted and recommended by the startup community . Back in the early 2000s , I learned validation the hard way . I wasted a lot of time and resources due to the habit of jumping right into an idea when I saw an ocean of opportunities . When it comes to actually delivering what my client wanted , I was clueless . I had never took a class on design or worked on a design project . But as a DIY entrepreneur , I had set my mind on creating and learning everything myself , including teaching myself web design . It took me more than 150 hours and countless revisions to deliver a small static five - page website that got me my first hard earned $ 800 . Looking back I had earned below minimum wage . But the important lesson number four I learned here is priceless : As a DIY entrepreneur , you do n't have to learn everything yourself . SP The DIY attitude is a double - edged sword . The figuring - out - on - my - own mentality was a little egotistical when I was younger . HindSite Interactive e the web design agency I ended up running - went on to deliver over 350 custom websites over the next 15 years . But I admit : I would have avoided much wasted time and effort if I had sought out for some advice rather than learning it through trial and error . Eventually , I figured out a process whereby clients would offer input early on to achieve a design that both sides would be happy with . Had I been exposed to the user - centric design process sooner , these wasted efforts would have been avoided . There is one thing I ' m proud to have figured out very early on . Putting in hard work to service your customers is the foundation of a successful business . So here is my lesson number five : take damn good care of your customers , and they will take care of you . Happy customers become your evangelists . They 're the ones who will keep coming back for more and generate new business leads and help you grow organically . This powerful lesson of customer retention certainly served me well in my second venture into the software - as - a - service ( SaaS ) business , where the human interaction of client - facing work pretty much disappears , and the user experience of the software product carries the brunt of the weight in customer decision making . But first , let me walk you through what sparked my transition from a service - based business into a SaaS business . HindSite was delivering interactive websites built on Adobe Flash . This went on for eight years until Apple came out and killed Adobe Flash as the way interactive content was designed . It took me a year to realise that flash sites were going nowhere after HindSite started taking a hit in business . Then this sixth lesson dawned on me : When a technology wave comes , instead of fighting it , ride with it . As a DIY entrepreneur , resilience is the ability to quickly adapt to change and not resist it . Change might seem scary when you have to step away from your comfort zone . In my case , a business I 'd built from scratch , but it was necessary to evolve . That 's how Visme came about . It 's a do - it - yourself online tool that is a perfect marriage between key features of Powerpoint and a design tool to allow virtually anyone to create beautiful presentations , infographics , social and web graphics , among other types of visual content . A user - based cloud software business model is fundamentally different from that of a design consultancy : it 's not based on how many hours you work but how good of a product you develop and how you gain and maintain user interactions . SP What 's also changed is how profitability works for this business model . For a consulting business you are profitable as long as clients are happy to pay a fee that 's greater than your labour and operational costs . It 's a straightforward formula . For SaaS , revenue comes from premium subscriptions . For a premium model , where only a percentage of free users will convert to paying users , the Lifetime Value ( LTV ) is varied across different user types . So the profitability math here is a lot more complex than a service - based business : There are more variables in this formula . This is my seventh lesson as a software entrepreneur : Running a SaaS business is like running a marathon . There are milestones but no finish line . Success here is not linear : you will always be optimising all variables of success and investing in R&D to stay ahead of competition . I also learned that every dollar needs to be spent with a purpose . As a DIY SaaS product owner , the single most important mission for me is to make sure the product is market ready and viable to survive regardless of whether or not venture funding is available . I was lucky enough to be in a position where I could support the development and preparation with a profitable service business for two years before we made our first buck with Visme . If you ask me if I would choose to bootstrap my businesses if I had a chance to redo everything again , my answer would be a resounding " yes . " I did n't just want a quick in and out with investor money ; my vision was to create an awesome product of long - term reliability our users can depend on for all their visual content needs . It is n't the most sexy product idea to sell to investors , and requires a slow start and progressive fine tuning . My eighth lesson is more of a revelation : choosing to bootstrap gives you maximum freedom to make decisions that are best for your users . SP At Visme , we do n't have to worry about playing up to vanity metrics or paying back early stage investors . As a team , we had the luxury to be single - mindedly focused on improving the tool and the service . With the right strategies and tools in place , you too can bootstrap your way to profitability . And even if you are doing it the DIY way , be open minded to advice and tips . When you have created something great out of nothing , it is a tremendously rewarding experience .
Want to ask a question and get a fast answer ? There 's a skill for that . In this case , skill is the term for " app " in Amazon Alexa 's voice ecosystem . SP In case you missed the news , Alexa is Amazon 's digital assistant . It 's capable of voice interaction , offering reminders , playing music , streaming podcasts , playing audiobooks and providing up - to - the - minute news . Alexa is also open to a variety of solutions that have yet to be created . To foster their invention , Amazon recently launched an online hub that can help brands get started with creating skills for Alexa . As of now , the hub currently lists 20 agencies " with experience in designing , developing , and optimizing Alexa skills . " However , some small - business owners might find that it 's a bit too expensive to outsource the development of an Alexa skill . For those companies , the hub has them covered as well . Businesses with some in - house technical talent can produce their own Alexa skill with a software development kit and various frameworks that are offered on the hub . For starters , there 's the Alexa Skills Kit . It includes a collection of self - service APIs , documentation , code samples and tools so that already experienced developers can produce a skill in quickly . Then there 's PullString . That 's a development environment that , according to Amazon , " lets developers and creatives within startups , agencies and enterprises develop human - fidelity computer conversations . " Next is Conversible , a software - as - a - service ( SaaS ) platform that enables developers to create automated customer engagement conversation flows . Finally , the hub offers Bespoken Tools . This suite of solutions offers a command line interface for the Alexa Skills Kit so that developers can run Alexa code from their own machines . But , Amazon does n't just throw developers a few tools and hope for the best . The company provides several tutorials so that they can quickly start creating their own skills . Even better , the tutorials offer templates that developers can adapt to their own business needs . For example , some developers might adapt the Calendar Reader skill template to create a date - driven skill relevant to their brand . Although Amazon has made it easy for developers to create Amazon skills , there 's still one glaring problem that hasn't been addressed : discovery . In other words , once a skill is complete , certified and available for use , how do people find it ? The answer to that question is still a bit fuzzy . Amazon took steps last summer to make skills easier to find , but there are lingering issues . Also , of the more than 7,000 skills that have been deployed , less than a third of them have a review . That 's strange considering that Amazon is famous for reviews . In fairness , though , skill discovery is n't a problem that 's unique to the Alexa ecosystem . Both Android and iOS have problems with discovery as well . Why does Amazon make it so easy for people to develop skills for Alexa ? Because the company wants digital strategists to adopt voice - driven technologies . There 's a good reason for that . It appears that consumers have already adopted voice technology as a convenient way to get the answers they need without touching a keyboard . In January , Consumer Intelligence Research Partners ( CIRP ) reported that 8.2 million US Amazon customers have Amazon Echo devices . Before those sales figures were released , CIRP had estimated that only 5.1 million units would be sold . Slice Intelligence recently reported that Amazon Echo is going " mainstream . " That means , five years from now , it could be the next smartphone . Whether or not that happens remains to be seen . For now , though , it 's clear that Echo is an emerging technology that might very well become a part of almost every household . John Lincoln is CEO of Ignite Visibility , a digital - marketing teacher at the University of California San Diego and an online - marketing consultant . He has worked with hundreds of clients ranging from startups to large companies such as FOX , ...
In a research study by McKinsey and Company , companies that have an ethnically diverse work culture are " 35 percent more likely to have financial returns above their respective national industry medians . " While there are hundreds of programs designed to help minorities get established in burgeoning fields , many companies still fail to deliver a diverse workforce . Fortunately , Felecia Hatcher , founder of Code Fever and Black Tech Week , is committed to fueling this needed change . Hatcher is on a mission to rid our communities of innovation deserts by working with community leaders and government officials to create inclusive and diverse startup ecosystems through her work with Code Fever , an initiative connecting minority led startup founders to the resources they need to succeed . They provide everything from capital and training to accelerator programs and showcase opportunities , like Black Tech Week . And that , says Hatcher , is more rewarding than anything . " What 's liberating for me is when we 're working with young people and adults , and we see it click for them , " said Hatcher in an interview with Tech . Co . " When they realize that they can be problem solvers , use their hands , put things together , and have an impact in the world through technology , it 's extremely liberating for me because it 's liberating for the population that we serve . " Tech . Co 's own Tishin Donkersley caught up with Felecia at SXSW to talk with her about how diversity impacts the bottom line , founding Black Tech Week and learning to code . SP Austin has a city motto of " Keep Austin Weird . " In that spirit , we asked Felecia about how she keeps it weird and authentic and in doing so stays true to herself . SP Read more about diversity in tech here at Tech . Co . This SXSW video series is brought to you by .ME , which gives a truly personal tone to your domain name with its unforgettable meaning and word combination possibilities . Let .ME be the go to place for your online business or blog for people to learn about you . Learn more at www.stayweirdwith.me .
According to a Wall Street Journal Report , most VCs around the world follow a simple rule - for every ten startups that they invest in , three fail completely , while the next three somehow manage to return the original investment . It 's only between two and four startups that attain the profitability and give VCs the expected returns . Becoming one of those rare 20 percent startups that enjoy sustainable profitability is not an easy task . You need to work on many things simultaneously without wasting any time at all . In case you have just started your journey in the startup world and want to survive the initial grinding period , then make sure you focus on adding value to your users ' lives . This is the best way to achieve sustainable growth . Here are some of the tips that will help you do so : Entrepreneurial success is often associated with the amount of funding a startup receives . However , delivering core value can go a long way in facilitating startup success and has become one of the toughest jobs for an individual . As a founder , it 's your duty to set priorities and work accordingly . Many businesses fail to understand this point as they relate success directly with the funding and valuation . Do n't make this mistake . Be clear with your vision and work hard towards serving users with the help of world - class products and services . If you can do it successfully over a period of time , you will never have to think about valuation ever . Many startups are already following this approach and reaping amazing benefits . They 're adding value to people 's lives in a unique way without focusing on something that 's beyond control . You should also do the same for a long - term success . You can not simply sideline the user experience and expect to be successful in the market . Because having a website has become unavoidable for businesses , make sure you create a web property that can add value to users ' time . For that , you need to focus on two important aspects : graphical representation of your website , and the security measures . Start with selecting a good and light - weight theme , and then take the help of a custom logo design service provider . Believe it or not , but a good logo can be a huge game changer in the overall readership and user base your website will gain in the coming months . So , do n't fall prey to common designs ; go for the one that can get users ' attention in the first instance itself . Once you select a good design , you 'll see a dramatic change in user behavior on your website . People will start spending more time on your site and will be engaging with content more and more . The next step for you is to ensure that whatever information they enter on your website , like email addresses , login data , or credit card information , does n't get compromised . For this , you can take into account a couple of important points . The first and the most important of them is to select a well - known web host that carries a solid track record . Since web hosting is something you do n't change every day , it 's good to spend some extra time in the research and select a host that is widely known for its services . Once the web hosting part is over , the next step is to secure your website from unwanted hacking attempts . In case , you are not much of a technical person , then go for SSL certificates without any second thought and be free from all the security related concerns . To really facilitate startup growth , follow your customers everywhere they go , be it on the desktop devices , smartphones or tablets . Create multiple versions of your website that can run well on different devices . Doing so will enable you to serve your customers in an effective manner , and thereby grow faster than your competitors in the market . Read more about startup growth here on Tech . Co
The UK fintech sector must concentrate on Asian markets and nurturing homegrown talent if it is to maintain its position as a global leader for innovative fintech companies post - Brexit , according to the chancellor of the exchequer Philip Hammond . Speaking at the inaugural International Fintech Conference today at Old Billingsgate in London , the chancellor said : " We can not rest on our laurels , we must constantly move onward to remain the best place in the world to start and grow a tech business . We ca n't remain the number one place for fintech and the other technologies of the fourth industrial revolution by simply relying on our ingenuity , talent and openness , we have to go out and get the business . " SP Hammond identified the UK 's time zone , talent , entrepreneurs , markets and the overarching regulatory and tax environment as being responsible for positioning the UK as the global fintech capital . He said the fintech sector must continue to " strive and graft and fight to seize opportunities " , particularly in the Asian market , if it is to maintain this position after Brexit . The government has already established fintech bridges with India , China , Korea and Singapore to help UK scale ups to expand into Asian markets . " If the UK is going to make the most of the freedoms it will have after leaving the European Union we have to build trade links with the fast - growing economies of Asia , " Hammond said . Access to the best talent from overseas is a key concern for the fintech sector post - Brexit . The chancellor attempted to calm these worries , while also reiterating a protectionist stance in regards to increasingly turning to British workers . He said : " While we need to continue to attract the brightest and the best from around the world to these shores , we must also do better at nurturing and developing the home - grown talent to drive our economy forward in the future . " SP This includes the chancellor 's Spring Budget pledge to fund new ' T - Levels ' for 16 - 19 year olds . This will ensure , according to Hammond , that " we are producing the people with the skills and the aptitude to become the next wave of innovators , entrepreneurs and investors . " How this will play out is yet to be seen , but there is certainly cause for concern . With rollbacks of the H-1B visas - SP so important to high - skilled tech workers - already occurring in the USA and Britain 's home secretary Amber Rudd confirming that free movement of labour would come to an end with Brexit , the tech startup sector is keen to see the government clarify its position over who it can and can not hire in the future . Taavet Hinrikus , CEO at six - year - old London fintech TransferWise , voiced the concerns of many startup founders when he took to the stage . An Estonian immigrant founder , Hinrikus employs a high number of workers originally from outside of the UK at its 100-strong office in Shoreditch . He believes that whether talent is " home - grown or immigrants does n't really matter , we just need the best talent . " " When we talk about home - grown people we need to instill a more entrepreneurial attitude , as well as development and engineering skills , " Hinrikus said . " When it comes to immigrants we need it to be easy to import talent , and make them feel happy and welcome . If London wants to cement its position as the fintech capital of the world the UK needs to take decisive action pretty quickly . " SP Hinrikus reiterated that although he believes London was the best place to found a fintech company in 2011 , " if I was setting up TransferWise today I probably would not choose London . " He went on to talk about the ways other major technology and financial hubs , namely New York , Singapore , Paris , and Berlin , are already copying the UK blueprint for helping fintech companies to thrive , and how post - Brexit , these hubs will only become more attractive to new companies . " Over the last couple of years we have seen many other governments around the world look at the UK for inspiration when it comes to fintech , " he said . " Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery and other countries are looking to the UK and what the regulators are doing here and copying what Britain has done . They are looking at opening up access to faster payments , fintech accelerators , Project Innovate from the FCA ; all of these things are being copied from Abu Dhabi to Korea , to Singapore . "
As a leader , you have a lot on your plate all the time . But one of the most important things , if not the most important thing , is supporting your staff . Making sure your employees are happy is perhaps one of the most efficient ways of setting your startup up for success . We asked four entrepreneurs what great managers do for their employees so they can excel at their jobs . Check out their responses below and be prepared to make some changes to your strategy when it comes to showing your employees you care : One of the most common complaints I hear from other teams is that their managers simply do n't talk to them . They communicate when they hand down projects or tasks , but they 're often unreachable otherwise . A great manager will always be available when one of their staff has a question or concern , and they will always make an effort to reach out and ensure employees have everything they need to get the job done . - Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates Great managers ensure that their employees are in the right positions . Pitchers need to be pitching , and catchers need to be catching . This sounds simple , but so often , employees are in positions that do n't allow them to fully utilize their strengths . Know what each of your employees greatest strengths are and leverage them to help the entire team excel . - Amy Pazahanick of Agape Ventures Listen to your employees . Listen for ideas and insights into culture and ways to improve your business . Listen for any hidden red flags and threats to your business . Then , remove any roadblocks , help resolve challenges and clear any unnecessary negative baggage that may be lying around . The best thing a good leader can do is encourage great energy and talent . - Arry Yu of GiftStarter Communication is key . Providing performance feedback helps employees continually improve . I hold monthly meetings with team members to assess projects and check - in with them . Often , some seek growth opportunities and want to take on new challenges or tasks . I place team members in positions based on their strengths , skill set , and passions , while also allowing for more growth opportunities along the way . - Angela Delmedico of Elev8 Consulting Group FounderSociety is an invitation - only organization comprised of ambitious startup founders and business owners . SP This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners . SP FounderSociety is an invitation - only organization comprised of ambitious startup founders and business owners . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
This is going to be a lot of fun . MIXhalo was founded by Incubus guitarist Mike Einziger and the startup is set to reveal its first product at Disrupt NY 2017 . And Mike is bringing some other famous friends to help . MIXhalo has developed a way to distribute audio to a crowd -- like at a concert -- in a way , they say , is even better than what the musicians hear on stage . And there seem to be significant broader applications for the tech , too . Founder Mike Einziger enlisted the help of Pharrell Williams ( a MIXhalo advisor & investor ) to show off what the company has developed in special presentation at Disrupt NY . They are set to take the main Disrupt stage at the close of the show , just prior to when we announce the winner of Startup Battlefield . And yes , they will be performing a special musical performance for the audience . The event is open to all Disrupt attendees and it will be streamed live like the rest of the conference . But only those at the venue will be able to experience the MIXhalo technology firsthand . So , obviously , we 're thrilled to have MIXhalo at the show . Since the first Disrupt , TechCrunch has strived to showcase startups upending traditional paradigms . This is mostly done through chats on the stage and Startup Battlefield , where a couple dozen startups compete each Disrupt for $ 50,000 and loads of press . Occasionally , a startup like MIXhalo comes along that is showcased best in a different format . Viv was no different . Founded by Dag Kittlaus , who also founded the company that developed Siri , the startup launched with a demo at Disrupt NY 2016 and was acquired by Samsung later in the year . MIXhalo joins a full agenda for Disrupt NY 2017 . From the NYT 's Mike Thompson to Facebook 's Fidji Simo to New York 's own Derek Jeter , the three - day show is packed . Registered Disrupt attendees will receive more information about this demo during the conference . General admission tickets and exhibit packages are still available for purchase . The show runs May 15 to May 17 . Students can get tickets at a lower price here and additional Hackathon tickets will be released shortly . We 're excited to bring Disrupt to New York City for the seventh time and hope you can make the show .
The Valley of the Sun is well known for its tourist attractions , golf courses , nightlife and celebrity chefs . This metropolitan area is also experiencing a steady growth of entrepreneurial activity where the rays of the sun continue to shine on the thriving startup ecosystem . The startups within the Phoenix ecosystem will tell you that it 's a tight - knit community housing people who are willing to roll up their sleeves to help startups grow . They pride themselves on being one of the most welcoming cities to entrepreneurship and startups benefit more than anyone else . Between all the coworking spaces , nationally recognized incubators , student entrepreneurial programs , maker spaces , and startup events filled with a hidden pool of talent , there are plenty of opportunities to network and find your place to grow a business . Here are just a few of the startups you need to know in the desert . Focused on the food service industry , Attribytes helps suppliers and brokers get an inside look at how their product is viewed by a distributor 's point - of - sale system . Their product helps gather , clean , and maintain product data that is compliant with GS1 standards and helps ensure customers and their trading partners can easily exchange the best product content . With a passion to help patients catch the onset of cancer , this startup developed a medical diagnostic device that provides easy , accurate , and affordable blood tests for earlier cancer detection . Primary care physicians will be able to screen their patients with their point - of - care test within 10 minutes . With more health information being readily available to a patient , Catalytic Health Partners developed a personalized in - home , face - to - face , health management system . Each member is given a personalized tablet that provides educational health videos , access to telemedicine , and Bluetooth enabled tele - monitoring . For the health care provider , hospital , or social workers , the platform provides a continuation of care where anyone working with the patient will have an updated snapshot of their health . Managing your child 's internet activity is a constant challenge for parents . Clean Router helps parents manage devices and filter out inappropriate content with a 7-Layer IntelliFilter . The router logs all activity per device , offers time restrictions , email reports , blocks by keyword , and even filters YouTube . Get your child off the Xbox and have them go create their own game . CodaKid , founded by long time video game developer , designer , and architect David Dodge , who worked for studios like Sega of America , is an online kids coding academy and tech camp that teaches kids to create games , apps , and Minecraft mods using real programming languages and professional tools . CodaKid 's online classes are self - paced and include live support from a friendly team of engineers . The company has taught nearly 10,000 students to code in 15 countries and was the winner of 2017 Tillywig Brain Child Award for Educational Toys and Games . SP With a passion to help businesses drive traffic to their company , FetchRev ( formerly LocBox ) helps drive trackable revenue and foot traffic with integrated marketing campaigns through email , Facebook , Facebook Ads , Google AdWords , and other social platforms from one dashboard . This startup has been funded by InterWest Partners , 500Startups , Foundation Capital , Google Ventures and angels from Google , LinkedIn , WalMartLabs , and Facebook . This management system is redefining the restaurant experience . The company designed this point - of - sale platform specifically for restaurants to help them track orders , review trends , connect with their customer , and turn over tables more efficiently . On the customer side , guests can use their smartphone to order , pay , and track their takeout orders from their favorite local restaurants . If they prefer an in - dining experience , users can order and pay for their meal from their table . Considering the fact that 60 percent of newborn babies diagnosed with jaundice , Neolight developed Skylife , an at - home neonatal phototherapy treatment that will provide the safest and most efficient treatment of infant jaundice . The company is developing a hypothermia treatment device to help at - risk infants with low birth weight . Selling your home is one of the biggest stressors to a family . Offerpad is a premium online service that helps homeowners sell their home with a few clicks of the mouse . When a seller submits a request for a price , the Offerpad team reviews the request and emails a cash offer . Once the offer is accepted , the owner can pick a close date between 5 to 90 days , sign off and done . Recently , this startup raised $ 260 million to scale their business and expand to other markets . Memory loss , challenges with problem solving , and confusion with time are just some of the early signs of Alzheimer 's . SMART Brain Aging is a healthcare tech company that offers an in - person ( Brain U Clinic ) and virtual exercise ( Brain U Online ) program designed to help patients delay or prevent the onset of cognitive decline . Podcasting is a great way to connect with an audience about topics interesting to you . ZCast is an app that allows users to create , stream , and share interactive podcasts . Users can easily record audio , chat with a live audience and tune in to live podcast streams . The platform also offers analytics , scheduling , and the ability to invite others to join in the conversation , all while sharing your favorite podcasts via social . Which one is your favorite startup in Phoenix ? SP Vote on our poll ! SP This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESSis everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series . SP Read more about Startup Week happening in other cities here . Photo : Flickr / Kevin Dooley
Although security applications have been around for a long time , data loss remains a serious threat to businesses online and offline . According to IBM 's 2016 Cost of Data Breach Study , the average cost of lost data was $ 221 in the U.S. 48 percent of these breaches were caused by hackers and criminal insiders . Human error , negligence , and system failures are also risk factors that could endanger the safety of your data . That said , you should never take cybersecurity lightly and set safety measures from within the workplace . Be proactive and aim for prevention rather than focus on recovery and cleanup procedures . Gaining your staff 's cooperation is the key to data loss prevention in your workplace . According to numerous studies , a high percentage of security breaches were caused by employee actions - criminal and unintentional . Regardless of motive , you need to train your employees about the best practices for data security . Make sure they know how to maintain a clean machine , browse safely online , keep strong passwords , and use VPNs to encrypt connections to your servers . More importantly , encourage them to report anything suspicious - whether in their devices or with a co - worker . Managing access privileges to your company 's sensitive information is the next step to proactive security . The general rule of thumb is to be smart and limit your employees ' access to only what they need to fulfill their tasks . If you allow employees to bring their devices to work , be sure to use a Mobile Device Management Platform and set boundaries to what they can access . Another strategy is to utilize multi - factor authentication in your password management solution . Doing so will elevate your workplace security with biometric identification such as voice recognition and fingerprint scanning . In the world of online security , zero - day attacks are among the most dangerous . These are vulnerabilities that hackers exploit before security companies are even aware of their existence . As your first line of defense , you can invest in a security infrastructure that leverages real - time data from crowd - sourced threat intelligence . While threat intelligence services are paid , they offer the best way to stay updated with the latest security threats . It might be pricey for startups that do n't have a lot of data to protect , but for established enterprises that care about their customers ' data , then the investment is definitely worth it . Although backing up your data is not exactly a proactive procedure , it 's better to have a failsafe in case of unforeseen disasters . Other than saving information on a physical hard drive , you can also leverage a remote backup service that lets you save your data on the cloud . Most remote backup services have automated features to make sure your company 's integrity remains intact . It 's also a good idea to have backup " fire drills " and test how quickly you can restore data with your current platform .
StratusCore CEO Denise Muyco . Photo via StratusCore . SP StratusCore , a 5-year - old Seattle - based startup that helps digital content creators with cloud - based production technology , is finally coming out of stealth mode . The company has stayed quiet for the past several years but is now revealing details about its business and platform that is used by giants like Netflix , Sony , and more than 45,000 artists around the globe . StratusCore offers a full suite of digital production tools for content creators that need help with editing , rendering , transferring , managing , and storing large media files both in the company 's own private cloud and on top of services like AWS and Azure . The company prides itself on its technology that provides high security and low latency , particularly given the increasing amount of data and computation required for these processes . The platform is a one - stop shop for creatives , but also acts as an a la carte menu that allows users to pay on - demand for which services they need . Denise Muyco and David D'Andrea co - founded StratusCore in 2010 . Before the company launched , Muyco was in Vancouver , B.C. , where she was recruited by Steve Arnold to help run a media production studio that focused on rendering technology . Arnold is well - known in the media and entertainment world , having worked with George Lucas as an executive at Lucasfilm in the 1980s before being recruited by Bill Gates to lead a startup that Microsoft later acquired . Arnold then co - founded the George Lucas Educational Foundation and launched venture capital firm Polaris Partners in 1996 . Arnold originally set up the Vancouver studio to run like a co - op , but Muyco convinced him to turn it into an actual company which eventually evolved into StratusCore . With Arnold helping as an active advisor , the startup expanded beyond a rendering service into the full suite of products it offers today . " I have been observing StratusCore 's progress for six years , watching both the cloud applications evolve and the media and entertainment industry accept StratusCore 's platform as the new operating system for digital production , " Arnold said in a statement . SP StratusCore is used by many small production companies and freelancers who are hired by giants like Sony and Netflix to help create shows , games , animations , and more . It also partners with content creation toolmakers like AutoDesk , The Foundry , NVIDIA , and Chaos Group to provide more options for users . SP Muyco said that StratusCore separates itself from competitors because it offers such a wide range of services that are available on - demand and in the cloud , removing the need for customers to purchase expensive hardware or software licenses . It 's similar to the gaming cloud service that NVIDIA announced at CES earlier this month that essentially turns any PC or Mac into a high - powered gaming computer . " You can use as much or little of the services as you want , " Muyco noted . The CEO also said that StratusCore wants to take advantage of all the metadata it collects on different customers and projects to help optimize its platform . She envisions creating a marketplace almost like " an Expedia for digital production " that helps artists and studios figure out how to most efficiently produce content . " Overall it 's about getting people started with digital content creation and production with a low cost of entry , " Muyco said . The company is not revealing its angel investors or total funding , but it has " raised several million to date " and is exploring an official investment round during 2017 . Public SEC filings show more than $ 3.5 million raised since 2013 . StratusCore employs 20 people and is hiring for several positions at its offices in Seattle and Vancouver .
Getting on TV is the startup founder 's dream . Whether it 's a local news segment or a popular pitch competition show , having a natural marketing opportunity like TV is a great way to facilitate success . But do n't let an appearance on " Shark Tank " limit you to 15 minutes of fame . Use your TV appearance to create more opportunities for your business . We asked eight entrepreneurs how they were able to turn a TV appearance into a larger PR / branding opportunity . Check out what they had to say below and make sure they only shoot your good side : Use what you have going for you to get to a million different places . Talk about your experience . Leverage a large TV appearance to get a lot more press by answering questions that others have about that TV appearance . Others want to know what it 's like to be on ' Shark Tank , ' so teach them and help them get where you ' ve been . At the same time , it 's a great way to push your brand just a little bit more . - John Rampton of Due If your customers have seen you on ' Shark Tank ' or any other TV appearance , you instantly gain the star power that helps brands develop trust with their customers and new potential buyers . - Rob Fulton of the Rob Fulton Accelerator My cofounder and I leveraged ZinePak 's appearance on ' Shark Tank ' into coverage in dozens of outlets , including Inc. , Entrepreneur , Forbes and Billboard . We wrote first - person articles about our experiences , did video interviews and appeared on countless podcasts . If you have a major PR hook like national TV , do n't be shy about sending links around and offering to contribute to other outlets . - Brittany Hodak of ZinePak Short of saying : ' Go on tour , ' I think it would be a good idea to frequent places where your target audience would be . If that is n't possible , you can create an AMA on sites like Reddit , or inspire people 's curiosity about your experience on television . A lot of people want to be on TV , but very few actually go for it , so sharing your experience can be an ancillary media opportunity . - Cody McClain of SupportNinja Create many alternative methods for your constituents to view your appearance , including short , digestible clips from the show to feature on video sharing networks , a downloadable transcript , a slideshare and a social media highlights compilation via Storify . Place these prominently anywhere your organization has a digital presence , and refer to them in marketing docs and e - signatures . - Alexandra Levit of PeopleResults Your TV appearance is branding gold . Always mention it , whether in your bio on LinkedIn or during a pitch . Share the video clip on social media , and promote it to your partners and sales funnels through email and targeted ads . Being on a show such as ' Shark Tank ' is powerful . Aside from creating awareness , a TV appearance can give you a reason to talk to your network and build credibility . - Erik Huberman of Hawke Media Write articles offering advice to other entrepreneurs wanting to land on TV . We have a client who was featured on ' Shark Tank , ' and has used that experience to write dozens of articles chronicling his experience and offering advice to other hopefuls . People are intrigued by what it 's like to be on TV , and what advice you have for them . So offer something of value to readers and publications will be asking you to contribute . - Kelsey Meyer of Influence & Co. If you ' ve made it onto a TV show but you are n't widely known , make sure you are easily searchable online . If you do n't have a full - blown website for your company or product yet , set up a landing page with contact information if potential customers have questions or want to get in touch with you . Even if you are n't ready to launch and sell , you can start building your list for future sales . - Sydney Owen of W2O Group Young Entrepreneur Council ( YEC ) is an invite - only organization comprised of the world 's most promising young entrepreneurs . YEC members generate billions of dollars in revenue and have created tens of thousands of jobs . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Rob Whitehead ( left ) and Herman Narula ( right ) of Improbable . Improbable LONDON -- Improbable , a buzzy British startup that builds tech underpinning virtual reality worlds , has landed a $ 500 million ( PS389 million ) cash injection . The investment was led by Japanese firm Softbank and it 's a huge round of funding for a British startup . The cash is going towards tech development and hiring in its London HQ and San Francisco office , which it opened earlier this year . What does Improbable actually do ? Basically , it builds tech that does the heavy lifting required for huge simulations -- whether that 's online gaming or scientific research . This frees up the people using the virtual reality software to get on with the business of modelling whatever it is they want to model . " Today in computer science , people have mastered apps to build things for a single computer , " CEO Herman Narula previously told Business Insider . " And all the power of a single computer , people can use it to do really good things . But there 's this whole other wonderful set of problems that we want to solve -- like recreating whole cities , or creating beautiful virtual worlds for us to explore , or being able to recreate economies , or being able to model all the processes in company -- things that if we could do , we could do really great things . " Founded in 2012 , Improbable 's initial focus was on gaming -- but has since broadened its view to everything from science to defence . In late 2015 , it unveiled SpatialOS , an operating system for simulations , and launched a beta version in February 2017 . Narula says in a statement on Friday announcing the investment : " We believe that the next major phase in computing will be the emergence of large - scale virtual worlds which enrich human experience and change how we understand the real world . At Improbable we have spent the last few years building the foundational infrastructure for this vision . " There 's no word yet on exactly what this week 's $ 502 million ( PS390 million ) funding round values Improbable 's overall worth at . TechCrunch only reports that the company is worth more than $ 1 billion ( PS780 million ) and that Softbank 's investment is a minority stake in the company -- meaning it owns less than 50% of the company . The investment is an order of magnitude larger than any previous funding Improbable has taken . Its last publicised round was in March 2015 , when it brought in $ 20 million ( PS16 million ) , led by Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz ( also known as a16z ) . a16z also contributed to this more recent round of funding , Improbable says , along with Horizons Ventures , another previous investor . By any standard , it 's a huge amount of cash for a British firm to raise . According to Bloomberg , it is the fifth - largest VC investment in the UK in the last 10 years . Tech startups with valuations of $ 1 billion are more are sometimes referred to as " unicorns " due to their rarity -- and Improbable has now been propelled into their ranks , alongside the likes of TransferWise and Funding Circle in the UK . In a statement , Softbank managing director Deep Nishar was ( predictably ) effusive . He said : " Improbable is building breakthrough technologies that are becoming vital and valuable platforms for the global gaming industry . " Beyond gaming , this new form of simulation on a massive scale has the potential to help us make better decisions about the world we live in . Improbable 's technology will help us explore disease , improve cities , understand economies and solve complex problems on a previously unimaginable scale . " Improbable says it has already done a proof - of - concept to recreate an unnamed British city , based on open - source map , traffic , gas and electricity , water and sewage , Internet and mobile connectivity data .
[ Updated 1:01pm , 5/19/2017 to correct the dry powder figure in the first paragraph , which was erroneously given as $ 41 billion . ] On the heels of a decade - high year in VC fundraising , 2017 remains strong . In PitchBooks 's latest funding report , we found that U.S. VCs raised 58 funds in the first quarter , to the tune of $ 7.9 billion . Add this to the $ 121 billion in dry powder that is already waiting to be deployed to the world 's most promising startups . Despite a shortage in VC - backed exits , investors continue to place bets on VC as it remains one of the asset classes where they can benefit from outsized performance . The allure of finding the next Silicon Valley unicorn such as Uber , Slack , or AirBnB is a powerful motivator . On a historical basis , VC funds have consistently outperformed all other fund types over three - year and five - year horizons - PE , debt funds , fund of funds , according to our data . In 2014 and 2015 , VC funds returned $ 119 billion to investors , which has since led to a large amount of reinvestment in the asset class . We also found that the median time to exit for VC - backed companies in the U.S. has crept to 8.2 years for an IPO and five years for acquisitions or buyouts , the highest levels recorded in the last decade . Many startups are opting to raise a down or flat round or find ways to lengthen their cash runway rather than go through a liquidity event . Take BuzzFeed as a perfect example of this trend . The unicorn startup secured $ 200 million in late stage financing late last year , valued at $ 1.7 billion and is reportedly aiming for $ 350 million in revenue this year . Also on this list are Houzz , Qualtrics , WeWork , Ola , and AirBnB , to name a few . This trend is creating a cyclical challenge for investors . They continue to fund late - stage companies , arming them with healthy cash reserves to stay private longer , which impacts their ability to generate returns for limited partners in a timely manner . Global VC contributions from 2012 through 2015 were the highest of any four - year period since 2002 , with nearly $ 175 billion paid in . But the returns distributed from these contributions are lagging . The latest global net cash flow reports we looked at show VCs still owe $ 12.8 billion to their investors - and that 's just to break even . The consequence of this is a level of illiquidity that limited partners had not planned for , which impacts expected and actual returns as well as fees paid . So , where does this " new normal " lead us ? At this point , it will be several years before the venture asset class will know if the " staying private longer but growing bigger " ( aka the Unicorn experiment ) is positive or negative for returns . In the meantime , investors must grapple with the bigger unanswered question of what the VC industry will look like if the expected fund lifetime stretches to 15 years ? That is , what are the return expectations on that duration of illiquidity ? How do fees get charged ? What happens to key man clauses ( 15 years is half a career ... ) etc . ? The trend of staying private longer will only continue , especially after watching the early challenges faced in the public market by unicorn companies like Facebook , Twitter , and more recently Snap . While staying private longer allows more time to establish profitability , waiting too long only increases pressure to maintain nearly impossible levels of growth , and market forces could shift making an exit unwise . It 's clear the VC industry is in the middle of a development phase , but how it will emerge on the other side remains a question mark . The stigma associated with early stage investors exiting in later stage rounds will soon become obsolete as the industry accepts it not as signaling risk but as a fiduciary duty by the early VCs . Limited partners and general partners are already thinking seriously about addressing more permanent capital structures . Adley Bowden is Vice President of Market Development and Analysis at PitchBook .
HBO 's Silicon Valley has been touted as one of the funniest shows on TV right now . However , Bay Area entrepreneurs and startup founders are quick to point out that the show is remarkably accurate when it comes its portrayal of the tech world . Founder disputes , tech pivots , and hostile takeovers are all integral parts of the series that were lifted from real life . But this time , real life is taking a page out of the Silicon Valley book . In last night 's episode , one of the characters revealed an app that , while it was supposed to be the " Shazam of food , " turned out to simply be an app that could identified if something was or was not a hot dog . Well , apparently , life imitates art a lot more than you might think , as the " Not Hotdog " app can now be found in the app store . Yes , really . SP While figuring out whether or not something is a hot dog should be reserved for your eyes and your eyes only , the technology in this app could prove helpful in developing a " Shazam for Food " in the future . After all , if it can detect hot dogs , who knows what potential lies within those lines of code ! To make matters even more confusing , the actor who plays Jian - Yang , the creator of the app , appeared on Tech at Bloomberg to announce the launch of the undeniably real app to the world in true tech fashion . WATCH : @EmilyChangTV chats w/ Jian - Yang about his " Not Hotdog " app . SP Download it today ( really ) : https://t.co/7N6a1Asfge # SiliconValleyHBO pic.twitter.com/99TBhaiHYk -- Tech At Bloomberg ( @TechAtBloomberg ) May 15 , 2017 SP In the golden age of television , it was only a matter of time before the tech community starting see the potential for innovative ideas . Was this just a marketing campaign to get the show more attention ? Almost certainly . However , it does open the door for more innovators , entrepreneurs , and startup founders to think to themselves , " Is a BatMobile a viable means of transportation and could I get it funded ? " Read more about new apps and startups here on Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / Keith Cooper
For first - time founders , there 's a lot of new territory to navigate . Pretty quickly , you need to figure out product - market fit , customer acquisition costs , and a realistic business model . You need to add to your team and make your first big hires . And you need to understand important legal matters like intellectual property , ownership percentage , and business structures . SP In this article , we 'll cover the most common legal business structures , so you can understand which type might be right for your startup . Keep in mind that while this advice is based on my work with tens of thousands of companies over two decades , it 's general information . It 's not a substitute for the advice from an attorney or tax advisor who is familiar with the details of your particular situation . SP The simplest business structure is the sole proprietorship ( when there 's only one owner ) or general partnership ( when there are two or more owners ) . If you never formally set up a business with the state , then you 're operating as a sole prop or partnership . This is a completely legit way to operate a business in the U.S. , but there 's a major downside . SP As a sole proprietorship / general partnership , there 's no distinction between the owner(s ) and the business . This means that all of your personal assets are at risk should your business be sued or ca n't pay its bills . For many , this is too big a risk to take . SP For those of you just out of school and sitting on more debt than assets , take note . You still should be concerned about personal liability , since settlements can actually last up to 22 years ... you need to think about protecting whatever assets you might have down the road . SP Generally speaking , a sole proprietorship can work for some part - time freelancers or for those of you who are testing the waters in the very early stages . But , if you 're planning on delivering a product to a customer , you should be concerned about personal liability and should look at one of the formal business structures covered below . SP The key benefit of the LLC is that it helps limit the personal liability of the owner , while keeping the corporate formalities to a minimum . As an LLC , you 'll typically be required to file an annual report each year with the state and make sure you keep your business and personal finances separate . As we 'll see below , the corporation has many more requirements . For tax considerations , the LLC can be treated as a pass - through entity : profits and losses are passed along and reported on the owner 's personal tax returns . If your LLC loses money during its first few years , you can apply your percentage of the loss to your personal return and reduce your personal taxes . SP The one main downside of the LLC is that an LLC does n't have stock . You can give out membership stakes in the business . These ownership stakes are very similar to stock shares , except there are n't separate classes of membership stakes with the LLC . SP Additionally , if you 're thinking about giving employees equity in the company , the LLC can be difficult . The problem is that members own 100% of the LLC at all times , so in order to give equity to someone new , an existing member will need to sell / give some of their ownership to the new member . This can make things much more complicated than just setting aside shares of stock with a corporation . SP Like the LLC , the corporation separates the business owner from the business , helping to protect personal assets from liabilities of the company . But , there are quite a few key differences . SP As a corporation , you will have to deal with many more bureaucratic requirements . For example , you 'll need to create a board of directors , hold an annual shareholder meeting , and document important decisions and actions in meeting minutes . An LLC typically does n't need to do any of this . SP And unlike an LLC , a corporation 's profits / losses are n't passed along to the owner 's personal tax returns . The corporation itself pays taxes on its profits . If you 're planning on putting most of the company profits in your own wallet , this can create an issue : first , the corporation is taxed on the profits and then , you 'll be taxed personally when you distribute those profits to yourself . This is what we call " double taxation . " SP You can elect S Corporation tax treatment with the IRS to have pass - through taxation like the LLC . But not everyone can qualify ; for example , all S corporation owners need to be residents of the U.S. and you ca n't have more than 100 shareholders . SP You might be wondering if there are any advantages to forming a corporation . While a corporation is more complicated to manage and can potentially create a double taxation issue , there are some situations where it makes sense . SP First , with a corporation , you can easily set aside shares of stock to distribute to future employees down the road . And from a taxation standpoint , the corporation makes sense when you want to keep money in the company . With the LLC and pass - through taxation , you 'll be taxed personally on your percentage of the business ' profits whether you actually see that money or it stays in the business . SP And lastly , venture capitalists , accelerator programs , and anyone else that takes equity usually prefer companies to be corporations . This is because investors want to create preferred shares of stock ( which is n't possible with an LLC ) and it 's easier to calculate and distribute equity with a corporation . In addition , some VCs are actually restricted from investing in an LLC . SP If you 're seriously pursuing or considering VC funding , then you may want to create a corporation for your startup . If you think VC funding may be years down the road , then you can start off as an LLC , keep the formalities to a minimum , and convert the LLC to a corporation when you need to . SP The bottom line is take some time to understand the different structures and decide which is right for your startup . Most importantly , be sure to protect your personal and minimize the risk of your new venture . SP Nellie Akalp is an entrepreneur , business expert , speaker , author , wife and mother to four . She is the founder & CEO of CorpNet.com , an online legal document filing service , where she helps entrepreneurs incorporate , form LLCs , file DBAs and keep their businesses in compliance . Nellie has been named a Top 100 Small Business Influencer by Small Business Trends the last five years and CorpNet.com has been recognized on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest - growing privately - held companies in America in 2015 and 2016 . SP
As Airbnb , Uber and Snap gear up for potential , and actual , IPOs , public investors are asking a key question : Can these former startups build more than one breakout product ? It 's easy to see why . While building just one successful consumer product is hugely valuable -- evidenced by Twitter ( $ 12 billion market cap ) , Pinterest ( $ 11 billion ) , Dropbox ( $ 10 billion ) and Square ( $ 5 billion ) -- when a company creates two or more breakout hits , the rewards are staggering . Consider the market caps of the few companies that have released more than one successful consumer product at scale : Google ( $ 550 billion+ ) , Apple ( $ 626 billion+ ) , Amazon ( $ 367 billion ) and even Facebook ( $ 342 billion ) , albeit largely through M&A. Uber , Snap and Airbnb fall , interestingly , into an unusually valuable middle category , valued between $ 30 billion and $ 70 billion . These companies have created massively delightful first products , but in far larger markets and with stronger strategic advantages than the aforementioned single - product companies . Furthermore , each has experimented with new products in the hopes of achieving Google - level greatness . What will determine whether Uber , Airbnb and Snap truly become long - term franchises versus single - product companies ? The answer lies in how they handle certain key operational challenges as they scale . When consumer companies like Dropbox , Airbnb and others set out to make their next hit , new challenges present themselves , many of which I ' ve witnessed firsthand : Do note that we 're talking about consumer products here , not enterprise products , where providing a " whole product solution " and capitalizing on existing sales channels often makes building product extensions an excellent strategy . SP An overly simple but useful way to characterize how great second products are made is to think about them along these two axes : Delightful and Strategic . SP The Delightful axis captures all the things that attract tens of millions of users to a great consumer product : The sense of magic on first use ; the careful and systematic re - evaluation of the entire user experience that enables that magic ; the attention to design and detail that supports the feeling that the user can do something previously never possible . The Strategic axis includes all the business stuff : Network effects that underlie unusually low customer acquisition costs and winner - take - all dynamics ; the ability of a product to monetize via sales , subscription and advertising , among other means ; the leveraging of an existing brand to win new users , or the logic behind extending a product portfolio to maintain a longer - term customer relationship . Let 's explore the four quadrants : Most companies end up in the Valley of Meh . That is , they fail at creating a second great product because during the product design and planning process , the natural desire to leverage the first product 's strengths , justify a project 's resources and manage risk lead to those factors seeping into decision - making . Hence , the products are either watered down to become merely modular extensions of the main product ( example : Dropbox photos and music ) or are not evaluated with the same rigor in terms of user experience and impact . SP How do founders in the growth stage avoid the Valley of Meh ? One of the best methods is to approach new products with a clean sheet of paper . Ideas will come from everywhere ( especially once initial success and growth attracts tons of smart young employees who want to make their mark ) . When evaluating new ideas , leaders should aim to achieve both delightfulness and strategic value . Some questions to ask : Delightful Strategic There 's nothing wrong with adding great features to help a product better serve customers , or trying out interesting standalone ideas . But product extensions rarely catapult a great consumer business into the valuation stratosphere . Only capturing value on both dimensions achieves this level of success . Sometimes this process shows that the mission of the startup was too narrow . Note how well - stated , aspirational company missions such as " Connect the World " or " Organize the world 's information " have inspired a wide array of projects that can fit under a pithy umbrella . At Square , Jack Dorsey expanded the mission of the company from a payments focus to " Make Commerce Easy , " a move that allowed for such delightful / strategic products as Square Cash and Square Capital , both of which are now taking off and could generate multiples of the current valuation . Leadership at the emerging crop of consumer IPOs shows that they take these realities seriously . Airbnb 's Trips and Uber Eats are both ideas that on their own could create standalone businesses at scale , and could have such potential . However , because they rely on existing capabilities , without a clean - sheet - of - paper approach to ongoing product innovation , there 's a danger that they 'll achieve only add - on status . Snap 's Spectacles , on the other hand , is more of a fundamental consumer product innovation in its own right , and the creative rollout and move into hardware suggests that leadership seeks to make every new consumer product sing for its own supper . Spectacles is , in fact , a prime example of a second - generation consumer product that is both delightful and strategic . No one would mistake it for a mere extension , and it 's quickly set a new standard for how startups with one hit swing mightily for a second .
BMW BMW is expanding its network of enviable partners to take on Mercedes and Tesla in the race to develop self - driving cars . The Munich - based automaker added Delphi to the list of partners aiding its effort to develop an autonomous driving platform by 2021 that can be sold to other automakers . Delphi , an automotive parts supplier spun out of General Motors in 2011 , will join Intel and Mobileye in the consortium . All four parties declined to elaborate on the financial relationship between them and how that will play out when they begin licensing the platform at the start of the next decade during a press call with journalists Tuesday . Delphi 's partnership with BMW , Intel , and Mobileye is non - exclusive . The move further positions BMW to take on Mercedes and Tesla in both self - driving - car development and the collection of vehicle data . Delphi has snatched up several startups , like Movimento , so it can release a suite of software products that would allow automakers to make over - the - air updates , a strategy pioneered by Tesla , Bloomberg reported in April . Delphi has also invested in Israeli startup Otonomo , which is helping Mercedes ' parent company Daimler and 8 other major automakers , sell car data to third parties . The race to capitalize on the big data is growing fiercer . New vehicles on the road today are already collecting data by virtue of connected car platforms , but the addition of smart sensors to aid autonomous driving will only grow data sets . McKinsey & Co. predicts car data could become a $ 750 billion industry by 2030 . BMW 's alignment with Delphi will help position the automaker to compete more directly with Mercedes , which already uses Otonomo 's services . The German carmaker can also leverage its relationship with Intel , which invested $ 250 million in the development of self - driving vehicles and big data in November . Intel CEO Brian Krzanich went so far as to call data " the next oil " when he made the investment last year . There 's a lot moving parts in a consortium of this size , but Delphi CTO Glen De Vos said the normal tiered structure between suppliers and automakers is becoming less applicable as companies compete on developing a digital ecosystem . Richard Rau , BMW 's vice president of sensors , said he believes these kinds of consolidations will occur more frequently over time . Ultimately , there will be a " fairly small " number of autonomous driving platforms shaping the market . " In the long run there will on be a few platforms left , " he said . Get the latest Intel stock price here .
South African - born Roelof Botha has been promoted to one of the three stewards of Sequoia Capital . Botha joins the stewardship along with current partners Doug Leone and Neil Shen . He takes over from Jim Goetz , who held the position for 13 years . Even though the position brings with it more responsibilities , Botha has been running the U.S. division of Sequoia Capital with Goetz since 2007 . Before joining the VC , Botha was the chief financial officer ( CFO ) at PayPal from 2000 to 2003 . He later sat on the board of directors for the likes of YouTube and Evernote , was a business partner in Instagram , and more . He is also on the board of directors at Unity Technology , a development technology primarily used to develop video games . Sequoia Capital is known for investments in high - profile U.S. tech companies , which include Apple , Dropbox , Electronics Arts , and Google . It also has investments in China , India , and Israel . One of the firm 's largest investments was in the instant messaging app , WhatsApp , of which it was the sole investor and invested US$ 60-million in the startup . During Facebook 's 2014 acquisition of WhatsApp ( valued at US$ 22-billion ) , Sequoia Capital made a US$ 3.5-billion return on the deal . Botha is the son of Roelof Botha , a long - time advisor to PWC , and grandson of former SA Foreign Minister , " Pik " Botha . Goetz wrote a letter to Sequoia Capital 's investors , which you can release below ( original source unknown ) : Subject : Time to pay it forward Disruption is at the heart of our business . It 's what creates opportunities for Sequoia entrepreneurs , and it 's what helps them produce extraordinary returns for our L.P.s . Ironically , it 's also the force that many venture capital firms resist , often contributing to their own decline . Sequoia is the exception . Over the past 45 years , starting with Don Valentine , Sequoia has embraced change as much within our partnership as outside it . That willingness to renew and reinvent -- often by empowering the less experienced among us -- has been the foundation of our success . I am deeply indebted to Doug and Sir Michael for the trust they placed in me , first as a Sequoia - backed entrepreneur , later as co - lead of the venture business , and more recently as a Sequoia Steward . Implicit in that arc is an obligation to pay it forward to the next generation . That time has come . During the coming week , I plan to step aside from my leadership responsibilities . I do so with great confidence in this next generation of leaders . They represent a gifted cohort who bleed Sequoia , and their fresh ideas will spur the next wave of reinvention . More to come on these well - deserved changes from Doug . To ensure a smooth transition and encourage change , I am going to decamp from the Menlo office for a few months . I will remain a GP in existing funds and continue to represent Sequoia on boards . When I return , I intend to sponsor new investments but I plan to reduce my workload , so that I can start saying " yes " to some of the other aspects of my life that have been on hold over the past twenty years . Forever grateful . JJG
I started to realize that Demo Days might be getting stale when an investor at one of our events told me to share the highlights after the pitches were done -- he would be out in the hallway with a beer . Another time , an investor said he wanted to quit his job and build a startup that goes to pitch events on behalf of other startups . " I 'd make a killing taking a percentage of the prize money ! " he told me . " These things are rigged ! " Think of a startup pitching for funding . What comes to mind ? It 's likely the " Demo Day . " A startup stands onstage , going through slides in front of a packed room , with expert judges onstage ready to give feedback . Maybe there 's some prize money . It 's an entrepreneur 's best shot at getting the funding they need -- or at least some attention . Except , as we at Village Capital have learned , Demo Days are not the best way to help most entrepreneurs get the funding they need . And in the long run , they are not helpful for investors , or the broader ecosystem -- in fact , they aggravate blind spots that investors already face . That 's why we made the decision to ditch the Demo Day -- and why I encourage others to rethink how they support innovation . The " Demo Day " first became popular in the late-2000s when a nascent group of entrepreneur support organizations , most notably Y Combinator , Techstars and 500 Startups , started to run structured programs with batches of startup companies : " accelerators . " An accelerator typically works with a fixed number of companies over a fixed period of time , usually around three months . At the very end , the accelerator will usually run a " Demo Day " or " Pitch Day . " They announce an open - to - the - public , or at least open - to - investors , event . They gather key investors in the room and parade entrepreneurs onstage , with each founder pitching their company 's concept with slide decks . Sometimes there is a grand prize for the company selected by a panel of judges . Nearly every entrepreneur support program I know has adopted this format -- including our own . My firm has run more than 75 " Demo Days " over the last seven years . We ' ve held Demo Days in concert halls in southwest Virginia , on college campuses in Miami , in wedding halls in Northern India and in co - working spaces in Accra . We 're usually able to draw a crowd , and most everyone has a great time . But over time , we ' ve learned that Demo Days are n't actually accomplishing what they 're supposed to : helping entrepreneurs raise money and meet investors . When we surveyed our companies and asked them where they met investors , it was rarely at an actual pitch event . And the format privileges the ones who pitch well , rather than the ones who have the highest potential . Investors , facing an onslaught of knowledge , often result to quick heuristics to make decisions . These heuristics can be helpful . From " do n't take candy from strangers " to " big animals = dangerous , " heuristics have helped us as a society for thousands of years . But as Wharton 's Laura Huang writes , in a " pitch event " format , these heuristics may bias against the best entrepreneurs . In her work , " Who 's the Most Attractive Investment Opportunity of All ? Good - looking Men , " she found , for example , that among businesses with similar fundamentals and markets , attractive people got funded more than unattractive people , and men were funded more than women . Overall , less than 10 percent of startup investment goes to women and less than 1 percent goes to people of color . And 78 percent goes to founders from three U.S. states . Huang found that pitch formats exacerbated this bias : The same business pitched with a man 's voice got considerably more interest than when it was pitched with a woman 's voice . For entrepreneurs who do n't pitch well -- or who do n't fit investors ' mental image of a successful entrepreneur -- Demo Days may hurt more than they help . The preparation teaches entrepreneurs to focus on transactions more than relationships ( when , in reality , an in - depth conversation after the pitch matters a lot more than the pitch itself ) . The Demo Day format is not ideal for investors , either . If you 're picking who pitches best , not who runs the best business , you 're not getting the best results . You often have to sit and listen to a bunch of companies that do n't fit your investment thesis in order to hear a few that do . And if you 're caught up in the theater of it , you may not be making the best decisions on who to follow up with after the event . So what can we do instead ? The best investments happen because of relationships , not pitches -- in fact , I ' ve never seen an investor make an investment decision , ever , as a result of seeing a pitch . We realized that if we 're going to organize a day - long event with entrepreneurs and investors , and we have limited time and space , we 're better off creating space for investors to build relationships . We did n't come to this realization alone . Emory University and the Global Accelerator Learning Initiative conducted an independent evaluation of our acceleration programs over the past seven years , and we learned the single activity that had the best results for entrepreneurs was building one - on - one relationships between entrepreneurs and investors . So instead of " Demo Days , " we changed the signature activity at the end of programs to something we call " Investor Forums " in order to provide initial diligence for investors , help startups improve their business and provide an environment for investors and startups to get to know each other . First , we invite investors to meet with each company in the cohort for 20 minutes and ask initial questions . Next , we host " mock board meetings " with investors and potential strategic partners , in which the entrepreneurs discuss and receive feedback on one strategic challenge . Finally , we host a dinner where the investors and entrepreneurs get to know each other better -- a form of " soft " diligence . This process is better for entrepreneurs , because it flips the power dynamic : Instead of standing onstage , racing through slides and being peppered with hardball questions , the entrepreneur and investor are sitting at the same table , the entrepreneur is leading the meeting and they are talking through the business as equals . And they get to show skills like critical thinking , relationship management and the ability to take and deliver on feedback : all more closely related to success than a slide deck . It 's better for investors , because instead of sitting in an auditorium , half - bored and half - interested , they can take a deep dive and add value . Ultimately , we 're seeing this format yield more funds raised for companies : a better outcome for the region . I ' m not saying that entrepreneur support organizations should stop pitch events entirely . We continue to do public events to promote and celebrate startups ; entrepreneurship is hard work , and most days are not that fun if you 're the CEO of a startup -- having a community around you watching what you do can be fun . But at these events , the entrepreneurs talk for a minute , rather than five or 10 , and do n't need to prepare for weeks . When we 're dealing with our most limited resource -- and time is always a limited resource -- we see other ways to be helpful to entrepreneurs and investors . Our " mock board " solution is just one idea ; I ' ve seen other good ones , ranging from investor " office hours " to full - group design sessions . Overall , if we want to improve the odds of entrepreneur success , we can innovate not just in the products and services we support , but also how we discover , develop and invest in companies . Getting rid of Demo Days is just one way to start .
Tune in June 28 and learn how to unlock the power of customer data in our free webinar . SP Register Now > > Among all that we are grateful for one of the most important being our health . Health innovations that are helping people care for our most vulnerable communities are something to celebrate . Advancements in healthcare technologies have revolutionized the well - being of children , the mentally handicapped , neonatal patients and our elderly . So , here 's to your health , and cheers to four healthcare innovations that are reshaping human longevity and quality of life for future generations . Using light to treat depression ( or painfully pale skin ) is a long - standing form of treatment . But for Dr. JoQueta Handy , light therapy has brightened the worlds of many living with Down Syndrome and Autism Spectrum Disorder . The World Health Organization has officially identified ASD as a " global health priority . " In response to those concerns , specialists like Dr. Handy have dedicated their lives to unlocking learning barriers by developing revolutionary approaches to teaching children with these and other learning disabilities . With methods such as Quantum Reflex Integration and Interactive Metronome usage , Dr. Handy has perfected a holistic education discipline called the " Children 's Opportunity for Brilliance " model . She uses this platform to inform fellow educators about the best ways to teach special needs children . " It 's not the only solution for learning strategies , " Handy said , " But it 's a solution for bringing doctors , parents , and teachers together so that hopefully we can create the hub for the wheel of the child . " For Tammy Bowers , the development of Lionheart Innovations was a labor of love based on necessity . Tammy needed a resource that could condense the contents of her massive binder into one application that could track her son 's medical information . She believed technology was the solution to control the complexities of medical caregiving for her son , and that platform has been a literal lifesaver for thousands of people who need a way to better manage chronic health problems . " The Lionheart app does n't simply track and store medical information , it empowers patients and their providers through data , " Bowers said . This application offers medication management , scheduling , and many other features that can better inform providers of necessary data . For Owlet Baby Care CEO Kurt Workman , designing a hospital - caliber baby monitor for home use was a challenge that has paid off for thousands of new parents . The Smart Sock uses pulse oximetry , which is used in most hospitals . The sock is worn by infants and monitors the baby 's heart rate and oxygen levels . Should these levels drop , the device will trigger the base station that collects these vitals via Bluetooth . Parents can know immediately if there is a problem . " Owlet collects more data in one night than a doctor collects in one year , " Workman said . This new technology has caught the attention of many organizations including Entrepreneur Magazine , which honored them as one of the top 100 Brilliant Companies of 2016 , and Forbes Magazine , who included them on their Next Billion - Dollar Startup List 2016 . With statistics showing 46 percent of health - care referrals never result in a scheduled appointment , and over half ( 55 percent ) of specialist visits are deemed unnecessary , ReferralMD believes there is a better way to consolidate health information accessible by healthcare settings , particularly post - acute care organizations . For example , ReferralMD believes that by including post - acute care in these new interoperability strategies , " healthcare organizations can ensure critical patient information across all care settings will be connected , providing a more detailed patient picture for more specific treatment plans and improved patient care . " As the scope of healthcare demographics shifts , ReferralMD is ready to change how healthcare companies communicate by creating a seamless , efficient , life - saving strategy that will benefit tomorrow 's patients and streamline the process for healthcare providers . As we witness today 's advances in light therapy , collaborative healthcare applications , wearable tracking devices , and interoperability among healthcare organizations , we have much to be thankful for when it comes to our health . For those unique populations in need of special care , good health remains our best investment . Ayodeji Onibalusi is an inbound marketing expert and advocate of high quality digital marketing . He has over five years of experience helping companies create winning content distribution strategies . You can check out his company ...
London - based Triptease , a startup that offers a SaaS to help hotels increase direct sales and therefore keep more revenue , has closed a $ 9 million Series B. The new round was led by BGF Ventures , with participation from existing investors Notion Capital and Episode 1 Ventures . Triptease was founded in 2012 on the premise that hotels can do a much better job at direct selling rather than letting a plethora of online travel agencies ( OTAs ) and hotel booking aggregators , such as Booking.com and Expedia , cream off the top of their profits by means of affiliate revenue . Triptease 's best - known product is Price Check , a widget that sits on hotel websites and displays prices from across the web in real time . The idea is to reduce the uncertainty surrounding a hotel 's direct price , and ensure you do n't wander off to search elsewhere but instead book direct and with confidence . That in itself is a neat trick , but the startup has since expanded to offer a number of other features built around the notion that hotels can make much better use of their data , both individually and anonymously in aggregate , to increase their ability to compete with the OTAs . " By signing up to the Triptease platform , hotels with only a few thousand web visitors a month can learn from the millions of user sessions the company are tracking across the industry , " says the company . This includes real - time price alerts if an OTA / aggregator cuts its own prices in order to manage parity , as well as personalizing the experience of direct online visitors by giving the right message at the right time so as to increase conversion . Or , as the Triptease website puts it , " convert lookers into bookers . " Triptease says it will use the new capital for further product development , and to fuel growth and international expansion , specifically in Asia . This will see the company open a new office in Singapore , in addition to doubling headcount in its existing London and New York offices . Adds Rory Stirling , partner at BGF Ventures , in a statement : " We are very excited to be joining Triptease as a new investor at a time when the company is showing great growth in the markets where it has established a presence . Now it 's time to expand the software to Asian hotels , to make this a truly global product . With consolidation amongst online travel agencies , hotels are increasingly looking for options to help them mobilise people to their own websites and Triptease is the best in its sector . "
French voters will return to the ballot box this Sunday to choose a new president in a second round of voting that will pit far - right Marine Le Pen against centrist Emmanuel Macron . Polls have shown Macron with a pretty steady 60 percent lead over Le Pen since the first round of voting made them the two finalists . While the campaign has been heated , and will likely remain so this week , Macron seems like a good bet to win . This means that Silicon Valley is likely to have a big fan in the next president of France . Macron is a former investment banker who served for about three years as Economics Minister under the current government . Before taking that gig , he took a monthlong holiday in California , much of it in Silicon Valley , where he met with local business and government leaders to discuss innovation . From the begining of his term as Economic Minister in 2014 , he made support for entrepreneurship a clear centerpiece of his agenda . The first time I saw him was at Le Web in 2014 . He had just replaced the previous Economics Minister , a man who had caused a stir when he blocked the acquisition of France 's Dailymotion by Yahoo . The feeling previously had been that protectionism was the best way to create jobs in France . But speaking at Le Web , Macron made it clear that he would have decided differently , and that allowing exits was critical to entrepreneurs and investors . SP He also spent a fair bit of time discussing the need to embrace disruption , to embrace change and the future , rather than setting up barriers to resist it . " To be clear about the French momentum , we are accelerating , " he said on stage at the Le Web conference in December 2014 . " They key question for us is how to accelerate , and how to help create new businesses . ... My job is to be sure that in the coming years we create thousands of new businesses to replace the old ones . ... My job is to protect people and allow them to be innovative and take risks . " Macron became a big supporter of La French Tech , the program previously set in place to encourage and support startups and entrepreneurs in France . In 2015 and 2016 , he accompanied delegations of French startups to the Consumer Electronics Show to promote their prospects , and to demonstrate the change in attitude he argued was happening across France . Following the 2016 CES , he travelled to San Francisco to meet French entrepreneurs there , and then stopped for meetings at Apple and Google . " There is a cultural revolution in progress , that of the entrepreneurial force in France that the country needs , " he told French entrepreneurs in San Francisco . He said he wanted to change the culture in France , where there is a great fear of failing , but also a suspicion of people who want to be too successful : " That leaves little room to maneuver . " Indeed , Macron has built his campaign like a startup . He hired a political technology firm last year to help him research and interview thousands of French citizens to learn about their hopes and fears . Using his website , mobile apps , big data , and data visualization tools , he created En Marche ! , an independent political movement that offered a new centrist philosophy . Macron embraced trade , disruption , the European Union , immigration , and the need to support entrepreneurs with new programs . He has emerged as the clear favorite of France 's startup set . That platform also saw him finish first among 11 candidates in the first round of voting last month . With Macron in charge , Silicon Valley can expect a sympathetic ear , but not necessarily one that will accede to its every wish . In the past , for instance , Macron has supported Uber 's right to operate in France . But he has also been insistent that companies like Uber , Airbnb , and Google pay their fair share of taxes . That said , under Macron Silicon Valley can likely expect a warmer welcome than it has ever experienced in France . The question for France 's economy is whether that will encourage more U.S. tech firms and investors to plant a flag in Paris and give the country 's start ecosystem another shot of adrenaline .
The Seattle 10 napkins hang at Seattle 's Museum of History and Industry . ( Kevin Lisota Photo / GeekWire ) SP Are you thinking about joining the startup ranks ? Or just curious what it 's like to be an entrepreneur ? Join us Tuesday evening from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. at the Museum of History & Industry in Seattle 's South Lake Union neighborhood for Startup Stories with the Seattle 10 , an in - depth discussion about the future of startups in the Pacific Northwest . University of Washington history professor Margaret O'Mara -- author of Cities of Knowledge : Cold War Science and the Search for the Next Silicon Valley -- will set the stage with some opening remarks about Seattle 's tech industry . That will be a followed by a panel discussion , featuring three past honorees from the Seattle 10 program , a partnership between GeekWire and MOHAI which for the past four years has recognized up - and - coming startups in the region . Joining us on stage on Tuesday night will be M3 Biotechnology CEO Leen Kawas ; Remitly CEO Matt Oppenheimer ; and Textio CEO Kieran Snyder . We 'll discuss the ins and outs of the startup landscape in Seattle , and talk about ways that the region can do better in fostering entrepreneurship . Limited tickets are available , so get yours here today . GeekWire readers receive a $ 15 discount on tickets , so just use the discount code -- SP Seattle10GW -- when registering here .
The Metaverse ( tm ) , as brought to you by Big Bad Mega - Conglomerate . It 's one of Tim Sweeney 's big nightmares for the future of virtual reality . The Epic Games CEO spoke about this at our recent GamesBeat Summit . He worries that the major platforms will want to lock down key advancements in virtual reality , to the point that the concept of the massive virtual worlds we see in works like Ready Player One will only become reality thanks to one company 's tech . It 's a fair concern . Sweeney has been raising red flags about Microsoft 's potential to close off Windows for some time now , so it 's natural that he 'd have his eyes on keeping future platforms open as well . It 's key to Epic 's business , since it provides a game engine ( Unreal ) for developing on just about every game platform ( along with selling games , too ) . Oculus has it own store for games , but Steam is also there , selling plenty of VR titles from just about everybody in the business . But is this a realistic fear at this point of VR development ? Just this past week , we saw Microsoft show off new gear , Oculus give VR devs more support , and Vivid Vision raise more than $ 2 million to use VR tools in health care . We 're seeing tons of action , on many fronts , in this young but growing sector . But to continue that growth and keep it open , we need to heed Sweeney 's words and watch out for anyone trying to monopolize the metaverse . For AR / VR coverage , send news tips to Dean Takahashi and Jeff Grubb ( for those that cross over into PC gaming ) . Please send guest post submissions to Rowan Kaiser . Please be sure to visit our AR / VR Channel . --Jason Wilson , GamesBeat managing editor P.S. Science fiction continues to influence how tech , including VR , evolves . SP Oculus is pumping up support for its developer site Facebook wants to get better at helping its Oculus Rift developers . The virtual reality division of the social - networking behemoth announced today that it has collaborated with its development community to find out what resources it needs to provide to empower creativity in the people making VR experiences . In a blog post , Oculus explained that it [ ... ] Epic Games ' Tim Sweeney fears the Metaverse will be a proprietary technology Tim Sweeney , CEO of Epic Games , believes the future of gaming is coming faster than we think . But he 's also worried that industry giants will try too hard to own the platforms upon which those games are built , and that will lead to toll booths , a lack of open standards , and a loss of privacy . [ ... ] Vreal CEO Todd Hooper on the joys of VR livestreaming Todd Hooper has shown up early at the virtual reality party . He started Vreal in Seattle to create a livestreaming platform for streamers to broadcast their gameplay in VR to spectators . It 's like Twitch , the livestreaming platform for PC gamers , and it is one of the ways that virtual reality will become more social . I [ ... ] ProBeat : Microsoft 's Fluent Design System is boring , and that 's a good thing OPINION : Microsoft revealed a lot this week at its annual Build developer conference . But to get a better sense of how the company wants to tie all its various apps , platforms , products , services , and devices together , look no further than the newly unveiled Microsoft Fluent Design System . These design guidelines are supposed to be an evolution of the company 's Metro / Modern UI [ ... ] Microsoft unveils Windows Mixed Reality motion controllers , Acer promises VR bundle for $ 399 ' this holiday ' At its Build 2017 developer conference today , Microsoft unveiled the first Windows Mixed Reality motion controllers , featuring responsive tracking and six degrees of freedom , with no markers required . A headset paired with controllers will offer experiences across creativity tools , productivity , games , and entertainment . Microsoft partners ( Acer , Asus , Dell , HP , and Lenovo ) plan to market and [ ... ] Vivid Vision raises $ 2.2 million to build VR tools to treat ' lazy eye ' Startup Vivid Vision said today it has raised $ 2.2 million in a seed round to build VR tools that could be used to treat eye problems known as " lazy eye . " San Francisco - based Vivid Vision raised the money from SoftTech VC 's Jeff Clavier , as well as The Venture Reality Fund ( The VR Fund ) , CRCM Ventures , SOS Ventures , [ ... ] Farpoint Review : A Good Game That Could Have Been Great Unlike in the case of PlayStation 's Move or Xbox 's Kinect , it seems like Sony is actually getting serious about VR . Even though the PlayStation VR ( PSVR ) headset released several months ago in mid - October , it felt more like a soft launch until recently . And finally , Farpoint feels like the big splash fans have been waiting for -- although it is n't as great as it could have been . ( via UploadVR ) PSVR Aim Controller Review : Feel The Game Like Never Before After VR headsets started coming out though I had to get used to having a clunky add - on around really quickly . But now that we 're a full year into the life cycle of the consumer VR market peripherals for add - ons ( such as the PlayStation VR ( PSVR ) Aim Controller for the PSVR itself ) are now a thing and the amount of space they take up is more than doubled . But do n't worry . I ' m here to tell you that the PSVR Aim Controller is , despite the odds , an extra hunk of plastic all PSVR owners are gon na want to have lying around the house . ( via UploadVR ) Let 's Prove the Future is Female and Alter Reality One of the biggest hurdles that women entrepreneurs face is access to funds and the solid support that is needed when the growth stage of a business comes . We 're hoping to help solve that for the VR / AR industry along with a coalition of industry players . These organizations include venture , corporate , media and startup partners dedicated to elevating women founders and offering capital and support resources to advance their startups . ( via VR Scout ) Where are the Daydream VR phones Google promised ? When Google announced the Daydream virtual reality platform at its 2016 I / O conference , the system was pitched as a core feature of Android Nougat , with strong support from manufacturers . Almost every major Android phone maker was supposed to be releasing a Daydream - ready phone , which would work with any Daydream - compatible mobile headset . But one year later , the platform is still niche , and a lot of these partners have been keeping quiet about their plans . ( via The Verge ) and receive this newsletter every Wednesday
Opal Labs CEO Steve Giannani . SP Given its early - stage investments in companies like Facebook , Slack , and Dropbox , if your company raises money from Accel , it 's probably a good sign . Opal , a marketing collaboration startup based in Portland , today announced a $ 15.5 million Series B round led by Accel , the 34-year - old Silicon Valley venture capital firm , along with participation from existing investors Madrona Venture Group , Seven Peaks Ventures , and MMC Ventures . GeekWire reported on the funding back in December , but now we have more details about how Opal will use the fresh cash and the investors involved . Founded in 2011 , Opal has quietly built a market - leading company that helps businesses streamline the production of marketing and media campaigns with one central platform and framework . Clients include NASA , Nike , Starbucks , Target , Airbnb , and others . A 2013 graduate of the Portland Seed Fund , Opal bootstrapped in its early days before raising a $ 2.1 million seed round led by Oregon Angel Fund . In 2014 , it raised an $ 8 million Series A round led by Seattle - based Madrona . Total funding in the company is now $ 25.6 million . This Series B round marks a pivotal milestone for the company as it looks to establish itself as the top platform of choice for companies that want to streamline their brand marketing process across every consumer touch point . " We want to accelerate growth and solidify our position as a market leader in this space we feel we are defining , " Opal CEO Steve Giannini told GeekWire . Giannini stressed the importance of having Accel lead its Series B round , given the firm 's investments in other enterprise collaboration software companies like Dropbox , Slack , Atlassian , Invision , Frame.io , and others . " This notion of collaboration software and helping the way teams work together to get jobs done is a major investment thesis for them , " he said . " It aligns perfectly with our thesis and what we want to do . " Opal will use the fresh cash to double its 75-person workforce by the end of 2017 -- it has 60 employees at its HQ in Portland , with additional offices in New York City and London ( a San Francisco outpost will open later this year ) -- while continuing to bolster its technology . Opal helps companies put together their brand messages , whether via social media campaigns , physical retail store setups , or other marketing vehicles . Giannini said the software offers a huge improvement over the hodgepodge process traditionally used by marketing teams that include a mix of tools like email , phone , Google Docs , Excel spreadsheets , and more that were n't built specifically with modern day marketers in mind . Opal 's top - notch list of clients pay a licensing fee of $ 100,000 per year , on average , Giannini said . " Product innovation is our secret sauce , " he noted . Giannini said he and his co - founders -- " Chief Founder " George Huff , David Gorman , and Matt Oxley -- are proud to have built Opal in Portland from Day 1 and to have attracted an investor like Accel to the Pacific Northwest . This is a nice rebound for Portland 's startup scene , which did not see much venture capital activity in 2016 . Only four Portland - based startups had venture rounds exceeding $ 15 million last year , according to data from Pitchbook . " We do n't have a super strong venture presence in Portland , but great firms are starting to reach into the city , " Giannini said . " The kind of investors we work with really believe in Portland as a place where we can build a capital efficient business . There is a ton of innovation here . " As part of the new investment round , Accel partner Arun Mathew will join Opal 's board of directors .
Israel 's success as a startup nation can be attributed to the notion of " if you do n't have it , you either go without it or innovate , invent , and do better " . So says Carel De Wet , the general manager of cloud service vendor iCloudius . He was talking at Salesforce 's " What Western Cape 's Tech companies should learn from Tel Aviv 's Startup Nation " event , held at Workshop 17 in Cape Town today . " It 's not as if they have better technology than we do . It 's not that we do n't have the same resources or the skill ... We just need to take it to the next level , " says De Wet . He believes that a key reason Israel became such a successful entrepreneurial nation was because they stuck to their projected path . " In 2000 there was a study done by the Bank of Israel and they said that if the country does perfectly well , from their government , institutions , right through to their financing and their economy , they could potentially grow to a market of 750-billion Israeli shekels ( $ 207-billion ) which is about R3-trillion , " says De Wet . Israel , he said , went on to exceed this expectation by 37% . He attributed Israel 's success to the country sticking to the 15-year plan . Similarly he said South Africa and the Western Cape , in particular , should also focus on the long - term growth , by fostering startups . A key way to do so is to assist accelerators and incubators , he added . " One of the key parts ( Israel ) used were the accelerators and the incubators where they helped technology companies start up and that 's what 's happening in the Western Cape , " says De Wet . " Companies can start up , they have access to funding , skilled workers and they 're able to get into the incubators and accelerators and roll out a product in a much shorter time frame by using the expertise of international companies or experts . " Another condition attributed to the success of Israel is the attitude , says De Wet . " It 's their chutzpah . It 's not only having the belief but the persistence to push through with it , not giving up on the dream , not giving up on the belief on what you feel you must do to make this world and your company a better place . " He stressed the importance for startups to not just remain within the local market , but to branch out and find others internationally from which they can receive funding . " It 's very important that you 're not stuck in your own currencies and that you 're tapped into the wider world and the financing available to you . " Probably the biggest factor to Israel 's success is that startups have access to funding . " There are over one billion dollars available to them in VC funds so that they can start new businesses there 's always a market for them to take their great ideas and get funding in order to develop it , build it , market it and sell it , " says De Wet . For South African startups however he says the challenge is more access to funding . " There is funding available but how do you get access to it , what is it that you must do to make yourself as a startup attractive ? How do you get your hands on that money in order to be able to fund or grow your development strategy going forward . " He said Israel also benefited from the significant amount of investment that the government has made in education especially around science and engineering .
Running a startup is a great way to reduce expenses , tap into the global talent pool , and get things done a lot faster . A study conducted by Stanford reveals that work - from - home employees are generally happier , less stressed , and overall more productive than those working at the office . Remote businesses also have a positive impact on the environment . But in order to make a virtual business work , you need to use platforms that enable seamless collaboration despite the lack of face - to - face interactions . Rather than sifting through the hundreds of available products , we ' ve done the legwork for you . Here are the top ten platforms for cloud storage , team communication , and project management : It 's worth mentioning that the 2 GB space for free Dropbox accounts can be increased without spending a dime . This is done by enabling features , linking your social media accounts , referring other users , and a few other actions . Dropbox is also the only platform that features LAN syncing , which allows you to quickly share large files through a local network . Google Drive offers a generous , 15 GB storage space for free accounts . This should be enough for remote businesses without heavy data needs . Its key advantage is the integration with other Google products , including Google docs , sheets , and forms . It also integrates with Gmail , which makes file - sharing a lot easier . The third cloud storage platform may not offer anything new in terms of free storage space and premium plans . However , Microsoft OneDrive integrates straight into the Windows ecosystem - making it the most sensible option for virtual businesses using the OS . Slack is a popular online communication and file - sharing tool for remote teams . It allows you to organize conversations using channels , which ensures everyone stays on topic . Users can also share files and download the mobile app to stay ahead of conversations . It is perfect for businesses that require a lightweight and effective communication tool . Apart from messaging and file - sharing , HipChat also enables screen - sharing , video , and group chats . This allows remote teams to beat the distance barrier altogether and work as if they 're in the same office . Google Hangouts is here for the same reason as Google Drive . Since it integrates directly with your Google account , other services such as Gmail and Google Docs are always within reach . Voxer has a unique approach to team communication . By installing the mobile app , remote teams can use their phones like walkie - talkies - allowing users to broadcast voice , photo , and text messages to everyone else in real - time . Today , the simplest way to delegate tasks to remote employees is to create a Trello card , upload the details , set a deadline , and add the members in charge . The entire process is further simplified - thanks to Trello 's intuitive , drag - and - drop interface . Asana is a more comprehensive platform that lets you manage the finer details of projects . It allows you to segment your team members , create different dashboards , and organize everything through a visual , interactive calendar . Last but not least , Basecamp is a comprehensive project management platform that helps remote teams stay on the same page . Its key features include a to - do list , message boards for brainstorming , and campfires for real - time collaboration . The platform also offers " check - ins " , which automate the process of status meetings . To understand the core components of a virtual business , here is an infographic by Ooma on the most popular services and apps being used today : SP Infographic courtesy : Ooma SP
The events industry is growing all around the world . According to Meeting Professionals International , events contribute $ 115 billion to the United States gross domestic product ( GDP ) , with subsequent billions funneled to both state and federal tax revenue . The event industry is n't just growing in the U.S. , though -- it 's also getting bigger in nations like the U.K. , India and Japan . With that growth comes a need for technology that meets the consumers ' expectations and makes event production easier , and an influx of startups , entrepreneurs and venture capitalists are working together to develop solutions for the events industry . While this new technology makes a difference for eventgoers around the world , it is important to note how it changes the industry . Here are four of the most important updates : Mobile is taking every industry by storm , and the events industry is no exception . The first wave of mobile innovation has come with ticket buying systems . " Ticketing is increasingly about establishing a higher touch point with your fans -- it is about being made available to everyone , everywhere . " explains Neetu Bhatia , founder and CEO of Kyazoonga , a global online ticketing agency . Mobile ticketing also allows vendors to do a lot more . Bhatia explains , " Clients can access and manage the ticketing back - end in a much simpler fashion than the older terminal based systems - now anyone with a mobile smartphone can become a ticketing point - of - sale . " Consumers want have fully integrated mobile experiences during events , as well -- research shows that usage rates for mobile apps at some events can be as high as 94 percent . As a result , venues , promoters and planners need to partner with providers who can take their experiences mobile . The good news is that customer adoption is usually quick : Research from Guidebook found that 88 percent of event professionals agreed the use of event apps improved attendee engagement . A study from Enterprise Event Marketing found that the use of event technology can create a 20 percent increase in event attendance while reducing related costs by up to 30 percent . Even so , numerous studies also indicate that one of the biggest reasons events professionals do n't integrate new technologies is due to costs . Companies and vendors will need to work harder to compete in an increasingly cost - sensitive industry . " We consider ourselves net revenue generators on a client 's profit and loss . " Bhatia shares , " We do that by using predictive analytics to enable and drive purchase decisions and algorithms to enhance the in - seat experience with real - time notifications to motivate future purchases . " In the past , providers have tried to be low - cost solutions , but the future of the industry may require them to be no - cost or provide additional value . Big data is king in most industries , but its potential remains unrealized in the events industry . Event tech expert Mike Piddock shares , " Event tech that gathers data , both during live events and presentations , and dipping into social media profiles to understand event communities , will be a must have rather than a nice to have . " Technologies like scannable QR codes , much like the ones used for online ticketing , can help event professionals collect data from attendees that are actively scanning different objects at a live event . Near Field Communication ( NFC ) and other location - based tracking used by companies like Google also serve to deepen consumer insights from live events . Google already tracks and publishes data about high - traffic times at entertainment locations , and can easily zero in on more specific data about what kind of searches originate from a live event . Similarly , NFC - enabled phones could help event organizers track where users most frequently purchased concessions or merchandise , giving rise to the potential of split testing live marketing tactics . Though not yet mainstream , it 's important to note the trends that may have an impact on the industry in later years . The most likely development in the near term is cashless events . Mobile payments like Apple Pay and social payment platforms like Venmo are making the use of cash at events a thing of the past . This could significantly reduce costs for venues that have to deal with everything that comes along with cash management . Another shift may come in the use of VR technology . Virtual attendance has the potential to provide low - cost options for people who otherwise would n't be willing to spend money on tickets . Additionally , those people could have a view from the best seats in the house without damaging ticket sales in those areas . The industry is rapidly investing in new technologies , but factors like cost and concerns surrounding the way tech integration may impact event experience continue to prevent some professionals from trying new solutions . Bhatia shared , " The shift to mobile , emphasis on complete experiences over transactions , and in - venue cloud - based systems rather than terminal driven access are just some of the key trends that will shape the events industry . " For businesses working to gain bids with major events providers , the focus should remain on being a cost - effective partner while providing solutions that increase attendee engagement . For event organizers , the key will be assessing what technologies have the best return on investment , both in revenue generation and attendee satisfaction . Those that capitalize on the right technologies stand to gain a significant competitive advantage in the evolving event landscape . Sheila Eugenio is the founder and CEO of Media Mentions , a leading PR and digital marketing agency . Before founding Media Mentions , Eugenio has consulted with several mediums to large businesses on how to position their brand and ...
MetaJure founder Marty Smith believes the company 's software can help legal aid providers be more efficient . ( MetaJure Photo ) SP Many tech companies wait until they grow into big corporations before thinking about corporate social responsibility . But MetaJure , a Seattle startup that provides software to help lawyers manage their documents and email , is starting early . As early as the company 's Series A funding round , in fact . MetaJure is using its $ 2.6 million round as an opportunity for what its founder and director Marty Smith calls " social investing . " For every dollar MetaJure raises , the equivalent value ( in the form of the company 's product ) will go toward legal aid providers around the country . " A ' social investment ' is any investment that seeks to produce a financial return to the investor while also producing a social good . Usually , the social good is produced as the company grows , as might be the case by investing in an alternative energy company wherein over time , carbon dioxide emissions are increasingly reduced . We felt , however , a strong sense of urgency to make an immediate difference so we decided to bring an ' impact investing ' component into play as well , namely where a person 's financial investment causes an immediate social impact . " The program led to the installation of MetaJure 's technology at Georgia Legal Services , Pine Tree Legal Assistance in Maine , Colorado Legal Services , and Legal Aid Society of Orange County . MetaJure also plans to equip Arkansas Legal Services , Utah Legal Services , and the Northwest Justice Project , in Washington , with its product in the next few weeks . In addition to the software , MetaJure provided installation and support training . MetaJure also agreed to continue licensing the software to the legal aid providers as long as they continue using it . MetaJure always planned to give back through philanthropy once the business was fleshed out and profitable but the company 's leadership saw a more immediate need that could n't wait . " Recent political events have compounded the problem by increasing the need for legal advice on hate crimes and immigration , " Smith said . " At the same time , President Trump 's proposed budget eliminates all funding for the Legal Services Corporation , the primary source of financial support for legal aid throughout the country . " When MetaJure 's series A closes , the company will look at other ways to support legal aid providers . One option under consideration is donating the software on a law firm 's or legal department 's behalf in an amount equal to their purchase . The company has raised about $ 7 million to date . Beyond supporting legal aid , MetaJure plans to use the fresh cash to bolster its sales efforts . " MetaJure 's board believes access to justice is a foundational pillar of our democracy , " Smith said . " Not surprisingly , we felt a strong desire to see what we could do to make a difference today . "
There 's no telling what kind of information you can find on Tech . Co . Not only are we the go - to website for startup resources , we 're also dedicated to keeping you up to date on the latest gadgets , the strangest tech news , and the most valuable information in the entrepreneurial world . But it can be hard to keep up with our top stories , which is why we ' ve consolidated them for you right here ! No need to thank us , your readership is all the thanks we need . Check out the top stories below and make sure to check back here for all of the above and then some ! Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here . Photo : Flickr / Andy
Drue Kataoka and Martina Welkhoff test out the interactive , virtual art . ( ConveneVR Photo ) SP ( Updated Thursday with details about UW 's acquisition of Zealyst ) . After selling her enterprise collaboration startup Zealyst to the University of Washington , Martina Welkhoff was thinking about her next move . The idea for a new kind of virtual reality company was just starting to form in her mind when she was presented with an opportunity she could n't pass up . It was December , two months after the UW deal closed and one month after the presidential election results took the nation by surprise . Welkhoff told her friend , Drue Kataoka , who happens to be a high - tech artist , about her idea to bring people together for virtual events . A week later , Kataoka told her she wanted to use the platform to create a piece of interactive political art . " It drastically accelerated my timeline for putting this out in the world but it was such a cool opportunity , so timely with everything that 's happening in the political arena , with social advocacy , that I really could n't pass it up , " said Welkhoff . On Thursday , ConveneVR ( in partnership with Kataoka ) will host its first event -- a gathering of female leaders from across the country held entirely in virtual reality . The women will wear VR headsets , and video of what they see and discuss will be streamed live online . Kataoka , who is known for her radical vision and use of cutting edge technology , is debuting a virtual reality " sculpture " during the event based on her existing work , " Now is the Time . " That piece , a print highlighting historic " firsts " for women , was popularized by the Hillary Clinton campaign . Kataoka featured the work at the Democratic National Convention . Kataoka transformed the two - dimensional image into a 20-foot , 3D virtual reality sculpture . The new piece is called " Yes ! Now is the Time . " Women attending the ConveneVR event will be able to walk around the piece and read historic firsts and future firsts for women . The piece is interactive . Anyone can add achievements from women in their lives on the " Yes ! Now is the Time " website . Even though her company is in its nascence , Welkhoff found the idea irresistible . Advancing women , particularly in industries where they ' ve historically faced barriers , is one of the reasons she got into VR in the first place . Welkhoff is president of Seattle Women in Technology and a vocal advocate for gender equity . She believes that VR has the potential to be more gender balanced than other industries because it 's a new frontier . " I think there 's a really interesting and unique opportunity in AR and VR to create something really different , " she said . " We 're not starting with a blank canvas , by any means , but there are n't the same kinds of legacy issues that come into play in a lot of other industry spaces . There 's a lot of energy in the world right now around building inclusive spaces , so I think there 's just a great window for building a different foundation and that could have a long - term , really exciting effect in what VR looks like in the next 10 , 20 years . " Welkhoff has been a fixture in the Seattle startup community for years . In addition to her outreach with organizations like Seattle Women in Tech and Up Global , she founded Zealyst in 2010 to help businesses strengthen relationships among their employees . In November , she sold the product to the University of Washington 's Center for Leadership and Strategic Thinking at the Foster School of Business . Terms of the deal were not disclosed . UW is using a modified version of Zealyst to help students collaborate with one another . It 's the first time the university has acquired intellectual property of this nature , according to Welkhoff . She is still serving in an advisory capacity for the UW 's Zealyst program but is now focused full - time on ConveneVR . Right now , ConveneVR 's is acting as a facilitator and organizer of virtual events . The startup is partnering with PlutoVR and BigBoxVR to provide the technology to pull off the " Yes ! Now is the Time " event . Eventually , ConveneVR will build an end - to - end product but Welkhoff thinks if she tried to do that today " the likelihood of failure would be high . " Welkhoff 's long - term strategy for ConveneVR goes beyond virtual events and social advocacy . She thinks corporations could use the product to replace conference calls and supplement business travel . It 's not an easy space to break into , as another Seattle VR startup learned . Earlier this month , venture - backed enterprise VR startup EnvelopVR abruptly shut down . The startup 's CEO told GeekWire the market just was n't ready for the kind of VR business products they were offering . " I think that 's a huge risk right now and it 's a big part of being early and being a pioneer in the space , " said Welkhoff . " I think we 're going to see a lot of that over the next few years , quite honestly . Everyone 's placing bets right now on what the market 's going to look like . How it 's going to develop over time . There 's a huge margin for error there , particularly as the world seems to be increasingly volatile , so it is concerning but I do n't think it 's a reason to stop taking those risks and to stop innovating . " The " Yes ! Now is the Time " live stream will be available here on Thursday , Jan. 26 , at 12:30 p.m. PST .
Connie Bourassa - Shaw and her replacement as Director of the Buerk Center for Entrepreneurship , Rob Adams . ( UW Photo ) SP Rob Adams , a Seattle angel investor , startup mentor , and the former acquisitions manager for Cisco , will replace Connie Bourassa - Shaw as Director of the Buerk Center for Entrepreneurship . Those are big shoes to fill : James Jiambalvo , Dean of the Foster School of Business , told GeekWire that Bourassa - Shaw has been the " heart and soul of the entrepreneurship program at Foster , " when she announced she would be stepping down as director in January . In addition to his work in the startup community , Adams is also currently teaching the Buerk Center 's " Creating a Company " course that Bourassa - Shaw pioneered . When she announced she would step down to spend a year in a part - time role leading the UW 's new Masters of Science in Entrepreneurship degree , before officially retiring , Bourassa - Shaw said she hoped to find a replacement who " loves students as much as I do . " Adams fits the bill , according to Jiambalvo . " Rob has 18 years of experience at Cisco where he worked on due diligence related to 73 tech acquisitions , " Jiambalvo said in a press release . " Since leaving Cisco , he 's been an advisor to startups in Seattle and the Bay Area , an angel investor , and a consultant to venture capital and private equity clients . Our priority for this position was to find someone who is well - connected in the Seattle entrepreneurial ecosystem , who loves working with students , and who can continue to expand entrepreneurship across the University of Washington . Rob 's that person . " Adams will take the helm at the Buerk Center in June . " I ' m grateful for this chance to build on the exceptional foundation that is the Buerk Center , constructed and nurtured by Connie , " Adams said in a statement . " I 'll do my best to continue and expand on that work , as entrepreneurship becomes increasingly important for students ' future successes , regardless of their chosen careers . "
How much do you know about keeping your data and information safe ? A new study from Pew Research Center finds that even amid high profile hacks on businesses and institutions that affect millions , many Americans do n't have a comprehensive understanding about what precautions need to be taken to prevent cybersecurity breaches . And perhaps it is unsurprising , but Pew says that " those with higher levels of education and younger internet users are more likely to answer cybersecurity questions correctly . " Of the 1,055 people polled in an online survey in June 2016 , 75 percent of adults were able to select the strongest password -- no words from the dictionary and is a combination of upper and lowercase letters , numbers and symbols -- from a list of four options . And 73 percent know that even if a public Wi - Fi network is password protected , you still should probably wait to pay off your credit card at home instead of in line for a coffee . Meanwhile , 54 percent of internet users could ID an example of a phishing attack , and 52 percent were correct in saying that that if you turn off your phone 's GPS function , the device can still be tracked . When it came to questions around encryption , the number of those who got the answers right decreased again . Forty - six percent accurately answered that email is not encrypted by default and that Wi - Fi traffic is n't encrypted by default on every wireless router . Additionally , 39 percent knew that internet service providers have access to their customers SP search history even if they are in private browsing mode . And while two - factor authentication is often a first step in preventing breaches , only 10 percent of adults were able to choose the one example of a multi - factor authentication process . For the full survey results , you can head over to the Pew site and test your own knowledge with an interactive quiz that the center has made to accompany the results of the study . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
On your birthday , something special happens on social media : you receive hundreds of likes and well wishes from friends , family , high school classmates and people you haven't talked to for years on Facebook . And while this has been the standard for years , one startup is hoping to personalize the birthday wishes even more . Doppels is a simple birthday discovery and smart gifting app that connects people through their shared birthdays . In addition , this app has made the gift giving process even more personalized . Read below how this innovative app is making birthdays even more special : After logging into your account via Facebook API , the platform uses your date of birth as the core data to help you calendar all of your friend 's birthdays and discover other people around you who also celebrate your special day . Doppels also gives others the opportunity to send you a note or gift tailored to your interests . How great is that ? ! SP Each day Doppels will let you know whose birthday it is within your social network or local area and offer you a wish , gift or text option . " It 's time to reinvent how we send wishes , gifts and express gratitude , generosity and random acts of kindness in a digital age , " said Matt Hagger , cofounder and CEO of Doppels . The Star - Match feature is designed to be a friendly connection builder . The algorithm will match users with other Doppels members based on their interests , birthdays and location . Hagger is hoping people will be able to relate to each other around different categories and build friendships . " Doppels means ' same ' in German . This app is about connecting people and Star - Match gives people something beyond just a bio and lets them know that someone is nearby to connect . It 's also a great way to break the ice and reform relationships , " said Hagger . SP Initially Hagger was n't sure this concept would take off , but then Doppels started experiencing early success and ended up catching the eye of the 17 - 25 year - old demographic . " When we launched in January 2016 , it ranked in one of the top 30 social networks and people simply liked the idea of discovering who shared your birthday nearby and the idea of celebrating with others , " said Hagger . Doppels also caught the interest of celebrities . " During some early pop up events in L.A. , people of similar interest and age groups were combining birthday parties using the app . Within a month we had celebrities such as Justin Bieber , Big Sean and Grammy - nominated producer Kosine Palacious attending the first official ' Doppels Day ' event , " said Hagger . To date , Doppels has over 260,000 users and acquire about 1,000 new members each day , said Hagger . SP Writing a wish list for birthday presents at 10 years - old is expected . At 26 , not so much . Coming Summer 2017 , Doppels will introduce a smart gifting tool that allows users to send gifts that match the celebrant 's interest based on profile and location . This will bring back some conscious thought to digital gift giving instead of the current non - emotional email that links to a gift card . " We feel like emotion and storytelling has been lost in the transition from physical to digital gifting , " said Hagger . SP Brands that are trying to crack this demographic need to start thinking differently as the younger demographic is looking to give gifts in an organic and thoughtful way , Hagger said . " Young people are tired of being sold to . What we 're trying to do is provide the tools for young people to give authentically and efficiently , " said Hagger . For hyperlocal businesses looking to attract members of their community , soon they will be able to partner with Doppels , target their marketing dollars and provide special discounts or offerings to a celebrant on their birthday . " We want to help local business introduce themselves through our tools and create a connection . On your birthday you could receive an offer on Doppels and in minutes you could be walking into a local business . I chose Venice , California as a great breeding ground for this tool to help all the local businesses , " said Hagger . Big brands are also heading for Doppels . The company announced they have secured an exciting national partnership with Amazon to drive sales and disrupt their digital gifting experience . Snapchat Stories are an easy way to send your friend a birthday wish . Aimed at capitalizing on this trend , Doppels will soon offer the ability for a member to send a birthday video that ends with the unveiling of the gift . " What we 're trying to go with the birthday story is trying to replicate the unwrapping of a present , " said Hagger . Each month , Doppels hosts an On Deck concert series entitled " Gratitude " to help raise money for local charity where the entertainment community can come together and put on a show in the name of giving where all donations go to charity . " It reinforces the company 's culture of being a platform for giving and celebration , " said Hagger . Download Doppels for iOS and Android is coming Summer 2017 . If you are in the LA area , check out their Doppels On Deck concert for charity . Photos courtesy of Doppels
Being a jack of all trades was n't always a good thing . In fact , if you take the time to finish the quote , it sounds decidedly less complimentary : " a jack of all trades and a master of none . " Ouch , that one has got to hurt . However , in the current entrepreneurial ecosystem , versatility could be the difference maker when it comes to building your business . While being a specialist can get you a bigger pay check , having a vast array of skills , experiences , and abilities can help facilitate entrepreneurial success . This versatility will not only allow you to better determine the value of partnerships , employees , and even capital , it will also give you the insight you need into every aspect of your burgeoning business . And if you think a specific college major or online class has pigeon - holed you , think again . " Smart businesspeople know that someone 's skills , and the ability to look beyond the conventional wisdom and innovate , is far more important than any degree or title or fancy business card , " said Lauren Maillian Bias , the founder and CEO of LMB Group in her new book . So what does being versatile mean in business ? Well , unsurprisingly , versatility takes a lot of forms when you 're running a startup . Whether it 's being a clear and efficient communicator , possessing the ability to self - motivate , or being reliable , you need to make this expansive skill set a priority if you really want to make a difference . This versatility trend in business is becoming more and more apparent as time goes on . While words like ' innovation ' and ' uniqueness ' used to be merely whispered in creative departments of smaller companies , they 're now prominently featured all around the world of business . And if you do n't believe us , take a look at some high - profile job applications . " The largest Fortune 500 companies today are including words like ' creative , ' ' innovative , ' and ' entrepreneurial ' in their position descriptions and job postings , " said Bias . " For these large companies , this is something new . " As far as how to be more versatile , an open mind can go a long way . Do n't write off experiences because they do n't fall within your niche . You never know what class , person , or trip could be the jumping off point for your success . So keep your options open , because success could be right around the corner . Read more about successful entrepreneurs here on Tech . Co
Sometimes innovation comes as a paradigm shifting idea , and sometimes it comes as a simple tweak or mutation of common practices . These 7 companies bring innovation in all shapes and sizes to the world of ecommerce . Any one of them could help you sell more products and improve your operations . Imagine what you could do with several ! Whether you 're new to the business or a sizable operation , these innovative ecommerce companies will help you crush ecommerce . To help with viewer bounces and abandonment , Granify tracks users ' micromovements across your site , and compares those micromovements with millions of others to predict what objection to purchasing is going through their mind . Before a viewer leaves your site , Granify triggers a message to handle their predicted objection , greatly improving your conversion rates in the process . Shoppable allows you to sell items on your site without needing inventory , which makes it a great tool for affiliates , influencers , and those trying to sell someone else 's products . You can even host the entire checkout process on your site using their Universal Shopping Cart . This improves the customer experience , and frankly makes it easier for you to sell . You can add your own products to Shoppable , or you can choose from 25,000,000 products already included in Shoppable 's marketplace without needing to collaborate with any brands . Movable Ink makes dynamic email marketing possible - and easy - for your brand . You create the structure ( email templates , campaigns , triggers ) using whichever email service you prefer , and Movable Ink takes care of the rest . The software tracks subscriber activity on your site , and then displays the most relevant content or offers for that particular person as they open the email . This " moment - of - open personalization " gives each viewer a unique and personal experience that 's proven to bring your brand higher conversion rates . Whiplash brings your store scalable fulfillment on - demand . For many , the biggest hurdle in ecommerce is n't getting viewers to bite . It 's getting inventory from point A to point B , and making sure the customer has a good experience . Whiplash makes this easy by integrating with your story and processing orders for you on - demand . Just get viewers to purchase , and they 'll take care of the rest , wherever your products might be manufactured or stored . This makes your job of running a store way easier , and helps you increase profits , too . RetentionGrid helps with customer retention . According to Harvard Business Review , it can cost anywhere from 5X to 25X more to get a new customer , and just a 5 percent increase in customer retention can boost profits by 25 - 95 percent . RetentionGrid segments customers and uses automated campaigns ( email , retargeting , etc . ) to keep them coming back . They 'll help you regain abandoned shoppers , and turn one - time buyers into loyal repeat customers . Stripe makes payment processing for your store super simple . They 're one of those rare unicorns , so large now that we ' ve forgotten how much they revolutionized the space . By placing developers first , they make it easy to process one - time customers and paying subscribers , whatever your platform . PriceWaiter helps your store convert comparison shoppers by enabling customers to negotiate the price . The software works with any ecommerce platform , and allows viewers to " make an offer " on items they might not want to pay full price for . You can automatically accept or reject their offer . Either way , this startup guarantees to increase your store 's conversion rates and , more importantly , to make you more money . Read more about ecommerce startups at Tech . Co .
Following the raising of a $ 5.3 million Series A round last September , social influencer startup Tribe has this week announced its launch into UK market , having secured a lineup of initial British clients . Three major brands have joined up , including department store Selfridges - which partnered with fellow Australian startup Mon Purse last year - alcohol brand Moet Hennessy , and personal health company Burt 's Bees . The brands have purchased over 100 pieces of content from content creators in the UK . Moet Hennessey 's UK Digital Marketing Manager , Greg McCann , said after hearing the success the brand 's Australian base has had with Tribe , they were quick to set up their own local campaign . " The results have been great , having received 99 submissions from talented content creators in just over a week , " he said . Launched by television personality Jules Lund in late 2015 , Tribe helps connect brands to " micro - influencers " or personalities on social media platforms such as Instagram , and pay them for bespoke marketing campaigns . Tribe 's CEO , Anthony Svirskis , said at the time of the raise that business had grown rapidly in the Australia despite only a short time in market , and felt ready to begin expanding overseas . " We reached a point pretty quickly since launch , and we 're not yet 12 months in the market , where we felt that our trajectory and the core numbers on the platform in the local market , were really strong , and understanding the space we 're in moves very quickly , we wanted to take what we have in Australia and go into new markets , " he said . Since launch , the startup stated it has connected over 2000 brands with 10,000 different influences , who have generated roughly 75,000 pieces of branded content across social media platforms . Speaking about the UK launch , Lund said the app 's time - saving potential and ability to harness a digital form of " word of mouth " marketing has been key to its success . " Word of mouth recommendations have always been the holy grail of marketing , and technology enables us to democratise the influencer marketplace . With the Tribe app , brands can now manage 100 micro influencers in the time it took to manually manage one , " he said . The startup 's success comes as it works through a crowded space . Also looking to harness the power of ' word of mouth ' marketing , last year saw social media influencer startups HooZu and HypeTap enter the market . Helmed by former Wallaby Lote Tuqiri , HooZu focuses on scouting out influencers for brands to market their product through . Meanwhile , Melbourne competitor HypeTap allows brands to search for influences and create briefs for them to work from . Another competitor is Visual Amplifiers ( VAMP ) , which last year brought on Todd Sampson as a non - executive director . Having opened offices in Singapore and Hong Kong earlier this year , VAMP is now seeking out an IPO .
Looking to get into the South African startup scene or catch up on some of your skills ? Well , you ' ve come to the right place . There are loads of competitions , networking sessions and workshops happening around South Africa and the rest of the continent ( namely Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana ) that we ' ve rounded up to make your life a bit easier . This article is part of a weekly series that highlights all the top startup competitions , networking sessions , workshops and conferences around South Africa , and the greater region . If you have any event recommendations for us to add to the list , or next week 's , please let us know in the comments below or send us an email . Not all of the events are free and some will require booking in advance . Please click on the event names to find out more information . Weekly Breakfast Networking Meeting This networking event hosted by Business Networking International ( BNI ) welcomes all entrepreneurs to join a group of 30 business owners to build stronger relationships and networks relating to their industries . The group however only caters for one person per industry . If your industry already has a representative , you will be referred to another chapter which has a vacancy . The breakfast is R130 and needs to be paid in advance for a seat to be secured . You will also be required to register for the event before you 're able to attend . Date : 19 April , 8:15am to 10 am Location : 144 Campground Road , Newlands , Cape Town FuckUp Nights Cape Town # sharethefailure Fuckup Nights celebrate the failures of entrepreneurs and the lessons they ' ve learned and new solutions they ' ve applied . Fuckup Nights feature many speakers who have seven minutes to present their story , which is followed up by a question and answers session . The speakers presenting are designer Kat van Duinen ; co - founders of Plan My Wedding Jason Newmark & Chelsea Evans ; the founder of Brand Rocket Stuart Shapiro and CEO and founder of Sponge Africa , Dayo Elegbe . Date : 19 April , 5:45pm to 8:45pm Location : Canterbury Club , 46A Canterbury St , Zonnebloem , Cape Town Silicon Cape Talk SP Silicon Cape 's April TechTalk is on Serious Games . Meet some of the new startups in the space and hear from people who have been casually disrupting and moving way beyond gamification for a while . Date : 19 April , 6.00pm to 8.30pm Location : Workshop 17 , V&A Waterfront , 17 Dock Rd , Cape Town LaunchLab Talk Aspiring entrepreneurs and businessmen and women are invited to attend a talk on ' How to double your revenues every year for 5 years ' with guest speaker , Justin Coetzee from GoMetro . The talk will cover his entrepreneurial journey as well as what he learned along the way . Following the talk will be drinks and a networking session . Date : 20 April , 4:30pm to 5:30pm Location : Hammandshand Road , Stellenbosch , South Africa Cape Town Business Analysis Lean Coffee The Lean Coffee event is an agenda - less event which gives its participants the floor to choose the agenda as well as to constructively debate and explore it . There are only a limited amount of spots available . Date : 20 April , 5 pm to 8 pm Location : Bootleggers , 39 Regent Rd , Cape Town Pitch Night Pitch Night takes the form of a Shark Tank pitching competition to find the first SA Unicorn company . The competition is looking for five to 12 pre - venture companies to enter . Date : 20 April , 6 pm to late Location : 3rd - floor Bandwidth Barn , Woodstock Exchange , 66 - 68 Albert Road , Woodstock Exchange , Cape Town Business Networking The event is in the form of your standard networking event , however , the organisers are looking at entrepreneurs and businessmen and women in various industries to come together and create lasting networks . Date : 19 April , 7 am to 8:30am Location : The Street Cafe , 40 St Andrews Road , Johannesburg Business Expansion Breakfast for business owners This event , hosted by BNI , invites entrepreneurs to become members of the networking community . The chapter is only accepting one person per industry . This event is a paid event , R70 gets you tea / coffee and breakfast . Date : 19 April , 7:15am to 8:45am Location : Huddle Park , Club Street , Johannesburg Lean Coffee ! The Lean Coffee event is an agenda - less event which gives its participants the floor to choose the agenda as well as to constructively debate and explore it . There are only a limited amount of spots available . Date : 19 April , 7:30am Location : Father Coffee , The Zone , Rosebank , Johannesburg SMME Opportunity Roadshow SP The roadshow will feature many insights on how entrepreneurs could handle their investments better as well as the various financial options available to them . Mentorship , collaboration and sharing information also plays a major role in the content of the roadshow . Date : 20 April , 8 am to 5 pm Location : Emperors Palace,64 Jones Rd , O.R. Tambo , Kempton Park Hacks4Africa The hackathon will allow young South Africans code and pitch their solutions that address issues around food access , security and agriculture . Date : 21 April , 5 pm to late Location : JoziHub , 44 Stanley Avenue , Johannesburg Small Business Imbizo The Imbizo invites all entrepreneurs , businessmen and women to attend the event to establish better networks , attain prospective clients as well as get their businesses out there via word of mouth . Date : 21 April , 9 am to 11 am Location : Cabanga Conference Centre , 252a Montrose Ave , Northriding , Randburg Fireside Chat with Annie Eimiakhena The fireside chat will feature Annie Eimiakhena , the director and recruitment consultant of Lohi Consulting . The chat will cover her career as well as some of her best and worst moments in the industry . Date : 21 April , 5 pm to 6 pm Location : Cranium One Office , 1 , Towry Close , off Idejo Street , Victoria Island , Lagos Have a startup event that you 'd like featured on next week 's event roundup ? Send us an email
PA The " accidental hero " who halted the global spread of an unprecedented ransomware attack by registering a garbled domain name hidden in the malware has warned the attack could be rebooted . The ransomware used in Friday 's attack wreaked havoc on organizations including FedEx and Telefonica , as well as the UK 's National Health Service ( NHS ) , where operations were cancelled , X - rays , test results and patient records became unavailable and phones did not work . But the spread of the attack was brought to a sudden halt when one UK cybersecurity researcher tweeting as @malwaretechblog , with the help of Darien Huss from security firm Proofpoint , found and inadvertently activated a " kill switch " in the malicious software . The researcher , who identified himself only as MalwareTech , is a 22-year - old from south - west England who works for Kryptos logic , an LA - based threat intelligence company . " I was out having lunch with a friend and got back about 3 p.m. and saw an influx of news articles about the NHS and various UK organisations being hit , " he told the Guardian . " I had a bit of a look into that and then I found a sample of the malware behind it , and saw that it was connecting out to a specific domain , which was not registered . So I picked it up not knowing what it did at the time . " The kill switch was hard coded into the malware in case the creator wanted to stop it spreading . This involved a very long nonsensical domain name that the malware makes a request to - just as if it was looking up any website - and if the request comes back and shows that the domain is live , the kill switch takes effect and the malware stops spreading . The domain cost $ 10.69 and was immediately registering thousands of connections every second . MalwareTech explained that he bought the domain because his company tracks botnets , and by registering these domains they can get an insight into how the botnet is spreading . " The intent was to just monitor the spread and see if we could do anything about it later on . But we actually stopped the spread just by registering the domain , " he said . But the following hours were an " emotional rollercoaster " . " Initially someone had reported the wrong way round that we had caused the infection by registering the domain , so I had a mini freakout until I realised it was actually the other way around and we had stopped it , " he said . MalwareTech said he preferred to stay anonymous " because it just does n't make sense to give out my personal information , obviously we 're working against bad guys and they 're not going to be happy about this . " He also said he planned to hold onto the URL , and he and colleagues were collecting the IPs and sending them off to law enforcement agencies so they can notify the infected victims , not all of whom are aware that they have been affected . He warned people to patch their systems , adding : " This is not over . The attackers will realize how we stopped it , they 'll change the code and then they 'll start again . Enable windows update , update and then reboot . " He said he got his first job out of school without any real qualifications , having skipped university to start up a tech blog and write software . " It 's always been a hobby to me , I ' m self - taught . I ended up getting a job out of my first botnet tracker , which the company I now work for saw and contacted me about , asking if I wanted a job . I ' ve been working there a year and two months now . " But the dark knight of the dark web still lives at home with his parents , which he joked was " so stereotypical " . His mum , he said , was aware of what had happened and was excited , but his dad had n't been home yet . " I ' m sure my mother will inform him , " he said . " It 's not going to be a lifestyle change , it 's just a five - minutes of fame sort of thing . It is quite crazy , I ' ve not been able to check into my Twitter feed all day because it 's just been going too fast to read . Every time I refresh it it 's another 99 notifications . " A man types on a computer keyboard in front of the displayed cyber code in this illustration picture taken March 1 , 2017 . REUTERS / Kacper Pempel / Illustration / File Photo Proofpoint 's Ryan Kalember said the British researcher gets " the accidental hero award of the day " . " They did n't realise how much it probably slowed down the spread of this ransomware " . The time that @malwaretechblog registered the domain was too late to help Europe and Asia , where many organisations were affected . But it gave people in the US more time to develop immunity to the attack by patching their systems before they were infected , said Kalember . The kill switch wo n't help anyone whose computer is already infected with the ransomware , and it 's possible that there are other variants of the malware with different kill switches that will continue to spread . The malware was made available online on 14 April through a dump by a group called Shadow Brokers , which claimed last year to have stolen a cache of " cyber weapons " from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) . Ransomware is a type of malware that encrypts a user 's data , then demands payment in exchange for unlocking the data . This attack used a piece of malicious software called " WanaCrypt0r 2.0 " or WannaCry , that exploits a vulnerability in Windows . Microsoft released a patch ( a software update that fixes the problem ) for the flaw in March , but computers that have not installed the security update remain vulnerable . I will confess that I was unaware registering the domain would stop the malware until after i registered it , so initially it was accidental . -- MalwareTech ( @MalwareTechBlog ) May 13 , 2017 I will confess that I was unaware registering the domain would stop the malware until after i registered it , so initially it was accidental . The ransomware demands users pay $ 300 worth of cryptocurrency Bitcoin to retrieve their files , though it warns that the " payment will be raised " after a certain amount of time . Translations of the ransom message in 28 languages are included . The malware spreads through email . " This was eminently predictable in lots of ways , " said Kalember . " As soon as the Shadow Brokers dump came out everyone [ in the security industry ] realised that a lot of people would n't be able to install a patch , especially if they used an operating system like Windows XP [ which many NHS computers still use ] , for which there is no patch . " Security researchers with Kaspersky Lab have recorded more than 45,000 attacks in 74 countries , including the UK , Russia , Ukraine , India , China , Italy , and Egypt . In Spain , major companies including telecommunications firm Telefonica were infected . By Friday evening , the ransomware had spread to the United States and South America , though Europe and Russia remained the hardest hit , according to security researchers Malware Hunter Team . The Russian interior ministry says about 1,000 computers have been affected .
When it comes to finding a sharehouse to move into , finding one that wo n't cost you a kidney for a room the size of a shoebox and bathroom you have to share with six other people can be an arduous task . Then there 's the task of making sure your housemates are n't potential serial killers - you can never quite tell . Essentially a Flatmates.com.au with video , Real Estate Tube aims to help people make faster and better choices when it comes to their living situation by helping them get more of a feel for their potential housemates and location than a simple static listing would do . The platform allows those looking for a room to upload a video showcasing their personality , and those with a spare room needing a housemate to showcase themselves and the property , with the accompanying listings detailing all the personal information and notes about the house and location . With over 25 years of experience in the real estate industry , cofounder Steve Makris originally came up with the idea as a solution to the problem of how to show properties to the overseas buyers interested in investing in Australian property . " I thought to myself that images really did n't do the properties justice , as they did n't allow potential buyers to see the size of the property and everything it entails . I also was looking for a solution to bypass language barriers , " he explained . " I decided to film the properties using my phone and email it to the buyers . Since that moment and our incorporation of real estate videos , the company has had such a positive response from the public that I knew we were onto something unique . " Development began in 2013 with seed funding from a " small handful " of investors , among them La Trobe University . With this , the startup was incubated at the University , working in collaboration with students from the Computer Sciences and Media and Communications faculties . One student , Isaac Suter , then joined as cofounder . The process of developing the platform was challenging , Makris said , as the team spent a lot of time designing and planning a number of features that users did n't end up finding worthwhile . " We had too many listing features that over - complicated the listing process , " he explained . The Real Estate Tube app allows users to easily record a video in - app or upload one they have created externally , then create a listing detailing other information about themselves or their property . Videos can also be uploaded on a browses , with those searching then able to contact the user if interested in learning more . According to Makris , over 50 percent of listings have been successful in placing people in sharehouses since the startup 's launch early last year . As one would expect , the startup 's plans extend beyond the sharehouse market , with Makris looking to bring the wider rental market onto the platform before incorporating residential and commercial sales across Australia and overseas . Listings are currently free to create , with the startup planning to incorporate fees when it expands beyond the sharehouse market . The platform comes along with a growing appetite for video not only across the internet , but in the real estate market . The likes of Domain and Realestate.com.au - which acquired Flatmates.com.au last year - have been looking at the development of virtual reality listings , allowing users to walk through a property on their own terms , and it will be interesting to see how Real Estate Tube fares when it expands beyond sharehouses . The immediate plans for the startup are growing its user base and in turn listings , with a view to raising funding to help expand overseas .
Cape Town - based music streaming service startup NicheStreem , has been selected to participate in the US - based Peacetech Accelerator . The programme will take place over eight weeks and focuses on scaling up cloud - based startups and non - profits . It is hosted in collaboration with C5 , Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) , and PeaceTech Lab . " We are delighted to welcome NicheStreem as part of our first cohort . We believe that music , the communities it fosters and the divides that it can bridge can help to bring about reconciliation in conflicted communities and regions , " says the COO of C5 Accelerate , Eva - Maria Dimitriadis , in a press release to Ventureburn . " In this regard , NicheStreem 's platform is an ideal peacetech solution and we welcome their participation in the programme . " Read more : Media24 acquires 10% equity in SA music streaming service NicheStreem The Peacetech Accelerator begins on 3 April and will run until the end of May . It will conclude with pitch days where companies will showcase to potential investors . " We see this as an invaluable opportunity to learn from experienced mentors and expand the NicheStreem offering internationally , " adds founder and CEO of NicheStreem , Catherine Luckhoff . " The team and I are very excited and inspired by the prospect of harnessing our service to build a peacetech streaming solution for communities in need and look forward to what the future holds , " writes Luckhoff . Each company selected for the accelerator will also receive US$ 50 000 in AWS credits . We 're excited to announce @ NicheStreem will join the first program of the # PeaceTechAccelerator w/ @AWS_Gov @PeaceTechLab # music # peacetech -- C5 Accelerate ( @ C5Accelerate ) March 27 , 2017 SP
Facebook - owned WhatsApp 's recent move into digital payments in India reinforces the view of many , that the biggest competition to existing legacy banks could well come from the so - called GAFA ( Google , Amazon , Facebook and Apple ) . It is undeniable that the pace of disruption to legacy banking and financial services models will continue to accelerate . In addition , the pressure from challenger banks and fintech disrupters will drive the speed and the timeline of exiting financial services business model evolution . This is unlikely to be a comfortable time for the incumbent players . Adding to the pressure and complexity for the executive team of any bank or financial services business , is the rigid regulatory environment and the difficulty of adopting disruptive innovation whilst mitigating compliance risk . It is therefore ironic that the latest technology is creating disruption while at the same time serving as a tool to mitigate and reduce regulatory risk . We have , as part of our fintech cluster at The Cape Innovation & Technology Initiative ( CiTi ) been seeking out a way to support and assist executives to better understand the regulatory risks inherent in fintech innovation and how to manage them ( and also how to use RegTech to their advantage ) . We are very pleased to announce that we have procured one of the foremost experts in Europe , on this subject , Patrick Butler , who will be in South Africa on the 24th and 25th April in Johannesburg . Patrick is the Senior Regulatory Risk Expert at FINTECH Circle . He is a hands on - transformation expert and thought leader in Regulatory Risk management . Amongst Patrick 's many achievements , he transformed and rebuilt Corporate and Business Banking Compliance for Barclays . He was also Head of Investment and Corporate Banking Compliance at Bank of America Merrill Lynch for Europe , Middle East and Africa . Patrick also redesigned and relaunched Global Compliance Career Academy at Barclays Bank to rebalance technical training , contextual knowledge and behavioural skills in partnership with Cambridge Judge Business School . Behavioural components of Risk Management are well understood . SP Patrick conducts culture coaching for senior management , risk professionals and trading staff at global banks and outsource providers . As an attendee , you have the opportunity to get help and advice from Patrick and to hear about fintech compliance , particularly : As well as Conduct , Risk , Behavioural Economics , Customer Bias & RegTech Patrick will be on hand to answer your questions and also to give you guidance and advice in a small Masterclass . This is an extract from a paper which Patrick recently delivered where he dealt with the loss of public trust in banking . In response , regulators have changed their focus from control design to outcomes . They focus on behaviour and culture , conduct , and individual accountability , while expanding enforcement . " What has become clear is that individual behaviour ( or conduct ) underpinned headline events that have driven these new rules , such as LIBOR - fixing , PPI mis - selling and Foreign Exchange price manipulation . These enforcement actions resulted in immense damage to the reputation of the industry that ensures the facilitation of global trade and supports local , national and global economies and forced banks to spend billions in legal costs , customer remediation , strengthening their risk control frameworks and restructuring - not to mention the record - breaking fines that continue to be levied . In an industry under enormous pressure to provide returns , the billions in costs damaged key performance and liquidity measures such as Return on Capital and Tier 1 ratios . This in turn exacerbated the drive to deliver shareholder returns that are the basis for much of the decision making that will have contributed to the misconduct . SP In a low - interest rate environment , fees have become even more critical , while the client base has greater ability to move due to technology and with less loyalty due to the loss of trust . Competition has become harsh in this self - perpetuating circle that squeezes the industry . So where does fintech fit ? Where rewards continue to be huge , these large and sophisticated institutions have been adept at finding alternatives . Millions are spent on systems to monitor or control the sale , settlement and implementation and reporting of retail and wholesale products . In this environment , all firms - whether Wealth , Asset Management , Investment , Corporate or Retail banking and to a greater or lesser degree - have turned to technological and product innovation to create a competitive offering , by making their product better , faster or easier , to reduce costs to provide confidence in controls to manage the Regulatory burden . However , these innovators , challengers and incumbents must address the additional risk that this disruptive innovation creates . Meanwhile , the fintech firms have the advantage of fresh platforms , no highly public reputation ( yet ) to worry about and the opportunity to experiment and develop advanced brilliant new ideas to take advantage of the hyper leaps in technology . " Come and join us at a fintech Masterclass in Johannesburg on the 24th and 25th April to better equip yourself for fintech decision making and engage with our team of international experts who can advise you on international best practice and provide you with practical advice regarding your fintech stress points . Book your spot here The FinTech Academy Africa . The Academy is aimed at C - Level executives who have limited time but who need a deep dive into global best practice in fintech . The two day curriculum has therefore been designed to provide a comprehensive understanding of key areas of fintech which would normally take between nine months and a year to attain in normal working circumstances . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startups
Messaging apps and company policies that allow employees to " bring - your - own - device " ( BYOD ) or work remotely can increase job satisfaction and boost productivity , but there 's a flip side to this flexibility : They could threaten business security . Changes to the corporate landscape have ushered in a new era of threats . Still , there 's one communications channel that reigns supreme : email . In its 2016 Internet Security Threat Report , Symantec estimates there were a staggering 190 billion emails in circulation during 2015 . SP As long as email dominates corporate communications , we 'll continue to see cyber criminals orchestrating email attacks . You 'll need to familiarize yourself with the greatest risks if you hope to stay one step ahead of these threats . SP Imagine one of your employees received an email from your Chief Technology Officer ( CTO ) , asking her to open and review an attached file . The email comes directly from the CTO 's email address , the body of the email addresses the employee directly , and there are no obvious signs that anything is awry . The employee opens the attached file and clicks on the link . Just like that , a cyber criminal has found a way into your servers . From that point , malware installations can compromise your company 's entire network . This is an example of a spear - phishing attack -- a more selective and sophisticated form of traditional phishing . The cyber criminal deceives the user through a personalized email tailored directly to the target . Unfortunately , criminals are getting better at their trade . They pull publicly available information from social media and company websites to learn more about their targets . Every bit of information helps them customize their malicious emails and make these messages appear more legitimate . These attacks will become only more difficult to detect . Encourage your employees to always think twice before clicking links or downloading materials . If they have any doubt about an email 's legitimacy , they should call the apparent sender to confirm . In this scenario , your employee receives an urgent email from his boss , requesting a large sum of money to pay for overdue administrative expenses . Again , the email appears to be legitimate . Your employee clicks the link to wire money . But this sense of urgency and personalized message have just made your employee a victim of another spear - phishing attack . Encourage your employees to remain vigilant about clicking on links , especially when the sender creates a sense of urgency in the message . Be wary of emails that suggest you must " act now . " Cyber criminals frequently tap into this vulnerability . Users also should keep an eye out for misspellings or slight differences in the sender 's domain . Again , the direct approach is best : Contact the sender offline to confirm the claims are valid . Spear - phishing attacks will continue to grow in sophistication , and they show no sign of slowing in numbers . According to the Anti - Phishing Working Group 's ( APWG ) Q1 2016 Phishing Activity Trends Report , there were more phishing attacks in the first quarter of 2016 than in any other three - month period since the organization began tracking data in 2004 . The organization also observed an overall 250 percent increase in the number of phishing websites from October 2015 to March 2016 . It 's critical for business owners and employees to take proactive measures . Email attacks will continue as long as businesses use email to communicate . Encouraging employee education and raising awareness empowers us all to play a role in preventing criminals from exploiting company or personal information . SP Joe Ross is president and co - founder of CSID , a provider of global identity protection and fraud detection technologies for businesses , their employees and consumers . Ross is a member of the Young President 's Organization and also serve ...
Cisco 's second acquisition in the new year is another big one . The networking giant said Monday that it plans to pay $ 610 million for startup Viptela , which sells networking technology that lets companies connect their branch offices to corporate data centers . Viptela , founded in 2012 by former Cisco engineers , has raised nearly $ 110 million in investment . The startup 's $ 75 million funding round in May 2016 gave it a pre - money valuation of $ 825 million , according to the investment - tracking site Pitchbook . Cisco 's latest deal follows its $ 3.7 billion acquisition of the high - profile business software company AppDynamics that closed in March . A Cisco spokesperson said that the company expects " the majority of Viptela employees " to join Cisco and will " share more detail in the coming weeks . " Viptela has almost 120 employees , according to Pitchbook . In January , Praveen Akkiraju , a 19-year Cisco veteran who was the senior vice president of its enterprise - networking group , became Viptela 's new CEO . The acquisition comes as Cisco 's core switching and routing business has faced declines as more companies forgo buying data center hardware and instead are purchasing computing resources on demand from giants like Amazon Web Services and Microsoft . To offset the declines , Cisco has been investing heavily in software through big acquisitions like AppDynamics and its $ 635 million purchase of security startup OpenDNS in 2015 . The acquisition gives Cisco a vendor that sells much of its technology through AWS , which could help it gain more customers that use cloud services instead of buying data center hardware . Nearly 90 percent of Viptela 's customers use a version of its networking technology that 's delivered through AWS , according a January article by industry trade publication SDX Central . Viptela 's competitors include other networking startups like CloudGenix and Affirmed Networks . It 's unclear whether Cisco will keep the Viptela name . The Cisco spokesperson said " it 's too early yet to make this decision . " The deal is expected to close in the second half of 2017 . This story originally appeared on Fortune.com . Copyright 2017
Since it began in 1987 , South by Southwest has been one of the top conferences and festivals in the country , celebrating the convergence of the interactive , film , and music industries . At this Austin conference , you 'll find features , showcases , screenings , exhibitions , and a host of networking opportunities -- way more than any one person could hope to see . Your first trip to SXSW can be a whirlwind tour of excitement . With all the events , panels , and people to see , just thinking about planning such a trip can cause headaches . I should know . I ' ve experienced SXSW several times with my company as an exhibitor , Startup Village pitch competitor , Interactive Awards judge , panelist , mentor , and even party host . My team and I always go with just one mission in mind : have fun and make great connections . Here are some tips to ensure you 're prepared but still flexible enough to go with the flow : There are plenty of ways to get connected before you land in Austin for the event . If you have a badge , download the SXSW Social app for pre - networking . It allows you to search for other attendees and trade messages . You can also book and modify hotel reservations . The official SXSW app has calendar items , and you 'll want to sign up for Eventbrite or Google Calendar to track RSVPs and receive reminders for your preferred events , panels , and parties . Planning ahead is key , especially if you 're not from Austin . Familiarize yourself online with the venue locations , because they 're spread through several areas downtown . It may be a good idea to get to the city a day early just to explore . Look at the schedule early , as both official and unofficial events are happening all the time . Organize the events you 'd most like to attend based on your specific criteria and interests . And because it 's nearly impossible to anticipate what will be going on , double - booking yourself for panels and parties ensures you 'll always have a backup . As the event progresses , you might find new opportunities of interest , and there 's always the possibility that a session is at capacity and you 'll need a second option . The good news is that SXSW allows you to stream all their panels later . While you 're busy planning your next panel or racing to a fun event , it 's easy to get side - tracked and forget to eat . There are many great options and restaurants , and you should definitely pack a healthy snack to carry with you . The same goes for water . Keep a bottle on hand and refill at the water stations strategically placed throughout the convention center . For breakfast , if you have a badge , make sure to stop by the Java Monster breakfast lounge . Seriously , it 's amazing . And once the afternoon hits , there 's always an open bar somewhere . If you 're paying for alcohol at SXSW , you 're doing it wrong . SXSW is a massive event with so much going on . Do n't give into the fear of missing out . You 'll want to capture it all by snapping pics and updating your social media , but try to resist that temptation , and experience the event in person . It will give you a chance to network with those around you . Plus , it 's more courteous to engage with others rather than burying your face in a phone . There 's one thing you can expect from every SXSW , and that 's adventure . Nothing will go the way you planned , and every day is a new experience . So get out there and enjoy ! Photo : Flickr / Mike Boening Photography
Moment founder Marc Barros with some of the design prototypes for the next generation of iPhone cases and lenses his company is making . ( GeekWire Photo / Kurt Schlosser ) SP Marc Barros has spent three years building a team and a product and learning about his customer . Now , his Seattle - based startup Moment is ready to offer a second generation of lenses and cases to take mobile photography even further . With the launch of a new Kickstarter campaign today , Barros and the Moment team are looking to gauge how well they know their customer and get a read on the demand for a new trio of products for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus . With a goal of $ 500,000 , the company is also after the necessary funding to make those products and have them on phones by May or June . It 's been a busy year of learning and adjusting for the small hardware maker . When we checked in with Barros last May , he had just raised $ 3 million in Series A funding and secured placement of Moment lenses and cases for the iPhone 6 in 50 Apple retail stores . Then came the tech giant 's radically redesigned 7 and 7 Plus . " You know it 's coming because the internet says its coming , but you get nothing as far as advanced notice , " Barros said of being prepared for a new iPhone . " So anyone that makes just phone cases basically has to cheat -- they have to gamble . They look at the pictures online and they make a decision : ' Am I willing to tool this thing ? Am I willing just to get really close ? ' " Barros believes that if stuff shows up right away on Amazon , for instance , that means that manufacturer gambled . " We ca n't [ gamble ] because the optical alignment is really , really important , " Barros said . " The camera moved in the 7 versus the 6 . So we could n't just make the lens and case ; we had to wait to get the phone . That 's the most trying part for us . Not only do we have to wait for them to announce it , you have to wait two or three weeks to get your hands on all of it . And then you have to assess if your entire product line works or if it 's obsolete . So it 's incredibly stressful . Thankfully the way they 're implementing it , both one lens and two lens , the whole [ Moment ] system still works . " Not starting from scratch certainly helps speed the process . The designers and engineers on Moment 's 20-person team hit the ground running last fall when iPhone 7 came out . " We 're better at the design process . We have more talent , more experience , " Barros said . " We ' ve been through a case once . You learn how the plastics mold , you learn a bunch of small details . By having a bunch of product out there you now have data back that tells you where it 's failing . " Barros said that a small hardware startup ca n't afford to endlessly prototype units like Apple or others can , so its early units end up being sold to customers . But he said this time around , with better suppliers and better experience , the engineering is much improved . This time they 'll be offering a new , slightly larger wide - angle lens with improved glass ( $ 99.99 ) ; a battery case ( with built - in DSLR - style shutter button ) that is constantly charging the phone and can be charged with an Apple lightning cable ( $ 99.99 ) ; and a thinner photo case ( without shutter ) that accepts lenses ( $ 29.99 ) . Backers on Kickstarter will get access to reduced prices on individual items as well as deals on photo kits that group items together . " The premise of the Kickstarter is to raise the money to tool , " Barros said . " To tool the wide [ angle lens ] , the battery case in two sizes , and the photo case in two sizes , the bill starts to get significant . You 're basically betting the entire company . You go to market without any understanding of whether customers care , you could bankrupt it . You need the customer demand . " Successful Kickstarter campaigns got the company and its first generation of products off the ground in the past . In January 2014 , a campaign for lenses raised $ 450,000 . A year later , a campaign for the iPhone 6 case raised $ 693,000 in January 2015 . Moment is relentlessly trying to get more customers . Barros said the operating mindset is to keep spending very tight , with low overhead , and focus on customer acquisition . " You just obsess about what works to get a customer -- what do customers want ? what do they like ? -- so we just spend all our time on the customer , " he said . Moment is " constantly tinkering " with shopping experiences , Barros said , and just started using Fulfillment by Amazon . But he said of everything they ' ve tried , content seems to be producing the greatest return . The company 's Momentist channel on its website serves as a gathering place for everything anyone might wish they could see and shoot through their smartphone camera . " We tried a bunch of community - based things , but at the end of the day we found that the content and the content stories go the furthest , " Barros said . " We have products that make it possible to tell amazing stories : rich video and stunning photos in unique places . So the content has been working the best to reach a whole bunch of new people . Each piece of content can get shared and re - shared , so you get anywhere from 5 to 10,000 to 15,000 views on a piece of content and that 's reaching a whole new audience . " But it 's clear that Barros is obsessed with wanting to know more about who is buying his products . While the wide lens is Moment 's most popular item , being on Amazon 's FBA for a few weeks has Barros realizing just how much the retail giant is driven by search . And he said people are searching much more for telephoto lenses than wide angle on Amazon . " Adding the Amazon piece is like adding a whole other channel with data , " Barros said . Selling lenses and cases through Apple stores last year was a nice way to get product in front of customers , but other than getting information back on how many units were sold , the experience provided no additional data on what type of customer was looking for what product . " If you make a software product or software app , you get some idea of the demographic of the user , " Barros said . " You can interact with the user , you can message them . You put the [ hardware ] product in a retail store you get zero . You get a spreadsheet with unit sales . " Barros is optimistic that Moment has figured out how to make something that mobile photographers want . But there is a risk involved in going back in front of potential customers to see if they 're still willing to help fund a product 's iteration . " If this tanks , if customers say they do n't want this , it forces us to go back to the board and figure out what happened , " Barros said . " Was the product wrong ? Was the price wrong ? Did people not care ? You want to know that now before you go to tooling . Because it would take almost the majority of our cash to put all of these in motion with zero customer demand . " But Barros believes , as he has from the start , that he 's onto something that will last because Moment is realizing what other manufacturers continue to ignore . " None of the phone accessory makers get it , " Barros said . " Those who make traditional phone cases and battery cases are essentially competing over the same functions : power , protection and price . None of them are saying , ' Oh , it 's actually a camera . ' That 's our point of view , that we think we can win the market with these products . "
South Africa 's Financial Services Board ( FSB ) has set a date of 30 June by which it plans to rule on whether to craft specific rules or not for equity crowdfunding , an FSB spokesman said this week . This follows the completion of a research report by the FSB on crowdfunding . FSB internal communications coordinator Thandolwethu Masango told Ventureburn however that the report on the FSB 's research would not be made public . " The research was meant to assist the FSB to get insight into how other jurisdictions are supervising crowdfunding activities and which piece of legislation would be applicable in governing the said activities in South Africa , " said Masango . The FSB is seeking to communicate its position to the industry by 30 June on whether to craft regulations or not for crowdfunding , he said . The African Crowdfunding Association has been calling for the FSB to craft a specific regulatory framework on crowdfunding . African Crowdfunding Association chair Kevin Allen said the June 30 date was news to him , but added that it was encouraging if clarity on any regulatory framework would be made public soon . " It 's not that it ( equity crowdfunding ) is illegal - it 's just that there 's no clarity , " he said . Meanwhile donations - based crowdfunding platform Thundafund is looking to pilot an equity crowdfunding platform . Thundafund chief executive Patrick Schofield said he was not waiting for any regulatory certainty from the FSB and was going ahead with setting up a platform to facilitate equity crowdfunding in South Africa . His idea is to use venture capital funds to vet deals and provide a certain percentage of the total equity injection , before placing these on the platform to attract investors . Schofield said he was in talks with one investor to bankroll the platform , but said he was also considering using crowdfunding to fund the costs of the developing the platform . Meanwhile a new lending threshold which came into effect in November under the National Credit Regulations is also likely to limit the ability of peer - to - peer lending platforms to fund startups . It will mean that investors who use peer - to - peer lending platforms and who lend to any business with an annual turnover of below R1 m will have to register as a credit provider with the National Credit Regulator ( NCR ) . A number of countries have regulations on equity crowdfunding , including the US and the UK as well as a number of countries , mainly developed nations . Last month Australia 's senate approved new equity crowdfunding laws . In December Brazil 's securities exchange commission put out a request for input from the public for equity crowdfunding , while in the same month Chilean authorities authorised the setting up of working groups to look into regulating equity crowdfunding . Thailand and Malaysia released equity crowdfunding regulations in 2015 . Featured image : Investment Zen via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resized ) I really hope that the FSB adopts the ' right ' light - handed approach for equity crowdfunding in June . I got involved in crowdfunding in New Zealand about 6 years ago and the Kiwi model , along with the UK model , SP are the best and most successful in the world ( worth looking at for anyone wanting to lobby . Why ? Because they are the most ' hands off " with fewer investor restrictions . I lived and worked in SA for many years and if there is one thing that all African entrepreneurs need , it ' alternative ' access to capital employing the power , support and reach of their SP respective ' crowds ' . gary.mersham@openpolytechnic.ac.nz Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in News , Startups , Venture capital
Ricky Knox , cofounder and CEO of Tandem . Tandem LONDON -- Startup digital bank Tandem has cut its headcount by around 30 people after seeing PS29 million ( $ 37.3 million ) in funding fall through earlier this year . A source told Business Insider that Tandem has reduced its staffing levels from around 110 to close to 80 . The headcount reduction includes both redundancies and contractors who have not been renewed . The cutbacks follow the collapse of a significant funding round earlier this year . Tandem announced last December that it had secured a PS35 million investment from department store House of Fraser . However , House of Fraser is owned by China 's Sanpower and a crackdown from Beijing on capital flight led to the investment falling through after Tandem had received just PS6 million of the PS35 million . Tandem said at the time that it would look to restructure its business " to ensure a tight focus on delivering its customer vision and bringing its products to the market as quickly as possible . " Ricky Knox , the cofounder of Tandem , told Business Insider : " We actually had quite a few contractors in the room and we now have almost none . That made sense because when you 're going into your digital build to make sure you ' ve got enough people to get the product out there you need to add some extra heads in . " The headcount cut follows a round of redundancies earlier in the year , prior to the funding fall through . BI reported in March that Tandem had let around 10 staff go , bringing headcount at the time down to around 110 . Knox told BI : " I think these businesses should be running with a 50 - 100 person staff base and pre - Christmas we 'd gone over that . " We ' ve restructured the team , moving from build to operate . We ' ve been mainly a tech dev house for the last few years and through this year we ' ve been building up and adding actually operational personnel . There 's been quite a bit of shift over the course of the last 6 months . It 's definitely not a one - way street . Tandem is in " advanced " funding talks to secure investment to cover the shortfall left by House of Fraser , Knox said , although he would n't elaborate further on who might invest or the timeline for closure . Asked if Tandem would be expanding its staff after the investment was secured , Knox said : " Will we need to add some more people with a few specialist skills ? For sure . But are we planning to expand this team and be 250 people in a year 's time ? No , that 's not our objective at all . My dream would be that we keep under 100 forever but that 's not going to happen . " Tandem , founded in 2014 , is one of a number of app - only banks set up in Britain in recent years . Others include Monzo , Atom , and Starling . Tandem has raised over PS25 million to date from investors including eBay founder Pierre Omidyar . The collapse of the House of Fraser funding led Tandem to delay the launch of its savings product but Knox told BI the company is still going ahead with the launch of its credit card product , which is set to debut within months . He added that House of Fraser is still keen to cooperate with Tandem in offering financial products to the department store 's customers .
The UK faces a conundrum in the coming years . We have to cut carbon emissions by 80 percent by 2050 , yet our electricity demand is set to double by then . The Institution of Mechanical Engineers has predicted UK energy demand could outstrip supply within just a decade . While the energy market might be overshadowed by Brexit negotiations and global political turmoil , blackouts would inevitably plunge the UK into crisis . SP But rather than being paralysed by fear , a handful of tech startups are getting to work . Their focus : ensuring we use the energy we generate a lot more efficiently . SP An astonishing 54 percent of energy produced in the UK is wasted , according to the Association for Decentralised Energy . So how do we bring that number down ? One startup called Electron thinks it has found an elegant solution : blockchain . The benefits of blockchain in this space is that the distributed ledger technology allows all players to exist on one platform without handing power to any single entity . This creates transparency , provides a framework for collaboration and creates an immutable , time - stamped record of trades and switches between suppliers , according to Electron cofounder Joanna Hubbard . Electron has built two products on the Ethereum blockchain . The first is ' Demand Side Response ' trading ( which encourages sites to decrease energy use and sell excess energy back to the National Grid ) . The second is a service that makes it about 20 times faster for consumers to switch energy suppliers than current rates , thanks to a register Electron has built of all 53 million supply point meters in the UK ( which measure our energy consumption ) . It would let customers switch in two or three hours , rather than the current weeks or months . " Blockchain is a great way to unravel customers and companies in the energy space . We 're really trying to sell the benefits it can bring , " says Hubbard . " The idea is to be able to access all suppliers on one blockchain . The tricky thing is we need all of the suppliers to use it . We have to have everyone buying in . The government has been very supportive though , " she says . This reselling of energy - dubbed ' Demand Side Response ' or DSR - is the most cost and carbon efficient way to balance the grid , according to Electron , letting us make best use of existing renewable capacity . And Electron is not the only UK tech company working on this problem . A more established player , Open Energi , was started a decade ago by a ' mad inventor ' who had the idea that if every fridge in the UK could just be switched off for a few more minutes every day , it would save a vast amount of energy . This proved too hard to monetise , so the company refocused on the industrial sector - water , utilities and aggregate companies , plus retail ( Sainsbury 's is a client ) . " If there 's excess energy we pay the balance back to the National Grid ... some of these big utilities companies can essentially become energy suppliers , " technical director Michael Bironneau tells Techworld . Its technology , which consists of a small control panel used to increase or decrease electricity consumption , is installed at 500 sites across the UK . Say a chiller or air conditioner is designed to be between 18 and 20 degrees . If Open Energi detects there is surfeit of power on the grid , it can switch the chiller on . If there 's less power , it can switch it off - helping to smooth out demand and save the client money ( while also making our National Grid more efficient ) , he explains . This sort of DSR technology works for any sector with flexibility over energy consumption , Bironneau says . " We 're exploiting clients ' flexibility on their behalf . It acts as a revenue share - we are paid by the National Grid , and we share percentage of that revenue with the client , " he adds . While laudable , clearly these companies ca n't solve the UK 's energy crisis alone . It 's a problem that will need government leadership , plus funding and support . However what these startups do show is that technology will be a huge part of the solution to our energy conundrum . We just need the political will and imagination to solve it .
Update : Following publication of the article , the GSMA pointed out its research shows there are closer to 300 tech hubs in Africa . [ infographic ] SP Africa is becoming a place for innovation in the startup tech sector , which is in part due to the boost from tech hubs and incubators around the continent . According to research from The World Bank , as of June 2016 there were 173 tech hubs and incubators in Africa , with 32 of those being in South Africa . This is an increase of 56 tech hubs since the September 2015 version of the research . As thorough as the report is , it does miss a few places , such as NGM and the Barclays fintech accelerator . Several hubs have also popped up since then , such French Tech and the University of Johannesburg 's own incubator . There have even been hubs launched outside of the standard tech scene , such as one for food . Read more : Are Africa 's innovation hubs helping innovators realise their full potential ? While accelerators and incubators may have their detractors , quite a few prominent SA startups have come from these institutions , such as Domestly ( Bandwidth Barn ) , Peach Payments ( Barclays ) , and PayFast ( Grindstone ) . The 2015 Ventureburn Startup Survey found that 6% out of just under 200 polled respondents were working out of an incubator or VC office . Click here for the original GSMA infographic ( pictured below ) . Click here for the World Bank infographic . SP Feature image : Ben Jeffreys via Flickr .
Many people have an awkward epiphany the first time they see " BYOB " emblazoned at the bottom of a party invitation . Far from a typo , the common abbreviation for " bring your own bottle " has been a staple of the American social scene for several decades . In the same way BYOB has influenced social circles , a new acronym has started to shape the way we work . BYOD -- short for " bring your own device " -- has become increasingly prevalent in modern enterprises . According to a Tech Pro Research study , 74 percent of organizations permit employees to bring their own electronic devices to work . By most accounts , it 's a positive trend for both businesses and employees . The policy allows companies to eliminate the expenses associated with purchasing and managing computers , tablets , or smartphones that employees might never use . Employees are often more productive and happy using their own devices because they 're already familiar with how they operate . The sudden surge of BYOD policies has created the need for enterprise - grade applications to work across a wide range of devices , ensuring security and productivity for workers and organizations alike . Affording employees more freedom and control over the devices they use for work is generally a prudent move . But considering the prevalence of new technologies and wearables , the apps of tomorrow must accommodate a wide range of platforms . Here are four elements business leaders and app developers should consider : This lets you identify users , monitor their connections , and restrict access . Multi - device apps require solid authentication , which could be accomplished via a username and password or through more advanced features , such as biometric fingerprints or a two - factor authentication code . This determines what a user can and can not see and do inside a system . This is where user privileges come in . Let 's say your app streams data from IoT sensors to an employee . An access manager API could allow you to grant and revoke permission to consume that data . It also could regulate which subsets of employees have access to certain data streams , restricting access when necessary . This is a necessity , as it allow you to provision and update a multi - device app across your entire ecosystem . These updates can be done on the fly in real time , eliminating the need for employees to install updates on their own . You could deploy an app - only management strategy , focusing on a single application and how you store and share sensitive data on devices . This approach leaves device management to the user , with firmware updates and provisioning handled via the application . This must occur across multi - device apps , and a user on multiple devices should see the same data in both places . This is achieved through two real - time designs : pub / sub and data sync . Pub / sub allows users to subscribe to a channel and receive published messages in real time . This bidirectional design makes it possible for streaming data to display on a real - time dashboard or for co - workers to collaborate in a chat app . Data sync , meanwhile , provides " state " data that is created , read , updated , and deleted . This data is persistent and kept in sync between clients and back - end processes . The cooperative structure of Google Docs is based on this element . Read more about startups and apps here on Tech . Co
It 's no secret that Silicon Valley is saturated with formidable tech startups . The tech hub has attracted investors , built a thriving community , and spawned innovative concepts and ideas popular around the world . As competitive an environment as it is , startup disruption also fosters support structures for founders and improves the local economy . In 2015 , Silicon Valley experienced a job growth bump of 4.3 percent , its highest since 2000 , just one year before the bursting of the dot - com bubble . The Bay Area is n't just a haven for tech 's most experienced and creative minds , it also provides fertile ground for startup founders to build a support system . Despite its success , Silicon Valley can be rough on new entrepreneurs choosing to dive in headfirst . Market entrants daring enough to enter need to be incredibly sharp and show a willingness to learn and pivot at a moment 's notice . For some , the beauty of Silicon Valley is its ecosystem of thriving networks offering unique resources for those willing to exploit them . Here 's how to ingrain yourself into that network : A study conducted by National Networking Statistics shows that 87 percent of executives network two to three times a week , which sparks a 90 percent increase in business opportunities . Ask your connections for introductions , and ask colleagues about any new ideas they might have to help spark growth . Like - minded people meet regularly in hopes of collecting advice to advance tech knowledge and build businesses . For example , the March Silicon Valley Organization calendar features the San Jose Power Lunch , a networking mixer for the Silicon Valley Young Professionals and literally dozens of tech meetups occur in the Bay Area on any given evening . Investors often populate networking events and are willing to chat with founders . The appropriately named Access to Silicon Valley brings together entrepreneurs , venture capitalists , founders , and industry experts armed with the contacts and cash to make waves . Afraid to open your idea to the masses because it might be stolen ? You 're not alone , but do n't let that scare you away from sharing your ideas . Offer up new concepts for discussion to increase your appeal . Take the risk , because the ultimate reward could be well worth it . Access to other founders means access to knowledge , which includes learning from the mistakes of others . Groups like Founders Network allow you to become part of a collective knowledge base . This last one is a given . In order to facilitate a lucrative network , you need to hang out in co - working spaces , grab a coffee , mingle with co - workers , and learn what 's new in the tech world from your peers rather than online articles . Workers thrive in co - working spaces at a high level of success because of the open environment and feelings of job control , according to the Harvard Business Review . These areas are designed to be conducive to mutual conceptualization and creativity . Sure , strong startup ecosystems are growing in nontraditional cities like Seattle and Austin , but the resources and support systems of Silicon Valley are hard to beat .
Coming off the curtails of CES , there is a clear indicator that 2017 will be the year of refinement in the technology world . Shaun Masavage , the CEO of Edge Tech Labs , a previous Startup of the Year contender , has decided this is the best path forward as they ' ve developed a new device that allows would - be musicians to learn how to play the guitar . The traditional learning approach is to find an instructor , learn to read tabs , and watch countless videos on YouTube . Unfortunately , this is a very slow process , and without the small wins , it 's easier to rack the guitar and let it collect dust . The newest way to learn how to play guitar involves an engaging and interactive system that throws students right into playing chords and music . Dubbed Fret Zeppelin , students can place a series of LED light strips that sit right above a guitar fret , and stretch down the entire neck of the guitar . For each string and each fret , an LED will indicate where a person should place their fingers , forming a chord . Alongside the hardware , a companion app will move a student step - by - step through chords to learn entire songs . SP Fret Zeppelin is the third crowdfunding campaign for the company , with the first two being Android and Apple versions of their miniature Drinkmate breathalyzer both exceeded their goals . Five days into their current campaign , they have now exceeded the goal of $ 48,000 , and still have a remaining 23 days to go . Within 24 hours of the campaign 's launch , Fret Zeppelin also surpassed $ 15,000 . SP " It was ultimately our desire to push the gas pedal on learning guitar that inspired our creation of Fret Zeppelin , " said Masavage . " SP We know so many people within our community that have a desire to learn how to play , but do n't due to time constraints , cost of lessons , and the struggle to learn proper technique . Fret Zeppelin replaces frustration with a fun , digital training tool that sits right on the neck of a guitar . " Priced at $ 200 for a regular neck or $ 369 for dual necked guitars , Fret Zeppelin is expected to ship in October 2017 . To date , Edge Tech Labs has successfully funded and delivered two sets of products from crowdfunding in the past . Looking to get your startup noticed ? Apply to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition and gain exposure from top investors , a potential spot in a nationally recognized accelerator and awesome funding opportunities . Apply here !
Reading - based startup Generic Robots works on technology that lets users create , feel , manipulate or alter simulated 3D objects in a virtual environment . The team is building the world 's first general purpose simulated training platform for dentists and doctors with this tech . The SimuTouch system is designed to provide a safe and versatile way to learn complex clinical procedures . They ' ve also designed a platform to bring the technology to the masses , with potential applications for haptic VR in fields from gaming to education . The company has been developing its technology for more than ten years , and its dental training simulator is already in use at Kings College London . It recently raised PS251,746 from the SyndicateRoom investment platform . Minimally invasive surgery tends to be a highly expensive procedure , but Cambridge Medical Robotics is developing a next - generation robotic system that could make it affordable and universally accessible . The startup has already successfully tested the performance of the platform on cadavers . The big plans have already attracted big backing . In July 2016 , the company raised $ 20.3 million in a Series A funding round from investors including ABB Technology Ventures , LGT Global Invest and Cambridge Innovation Capital . London - based startup Automata was founded in January 2015 to democratise robotics by lowering costs and improving usability . The company plans to use a robotics - as - a - service ( RAAS ) business model to integrate robotics into existing workflows more efficiently and to bring automation to new markets . Automata has attracted an undisclosed quantity of funding from ABB Technology Ventures ( ATV ) . Founders Mostafa El Sayed and Suryansh Chandra previously worked as lead designers at Zaha Hadid Architecture , and their first product should be a welcome one in their former profession . The low - cost , plug and play , table - top robotic arm called Eva is ideally suited for design studios , but has been developed to also work in SMEs from a myriad of other industries . University of Sheffield spin - out Consequential Robotics was established to develop companion and assistive robotic systems to enhance quality of life as people age . The first product developed by the startup is a mechanical pet with dog - like features called MiRO that is said to be " the first robot that thinks like an animal " . MiRo is controlled by technology modelled on the biological brain , and a limited number are currently available to professional researchers for PS1,900 plus tax and shipping . Iconic British designer Sebastian Conran teamed up with the university 's Professor Tony Prescott and Dr Ben Mitchinson to found the company in 2016 . The research was supported by Innovate UK and it 's received funding as part of an EU project . Ai Build wants to develop robotic technologies to support 3D printing in the built environment . The London startup was born in November 2015 and attracted PS75,000 of seed funding from Seedcamp the next year . Founder Daghan Cam envisions a future of construction in which industrial robotics and machine learning automate fabrication processes and help make large - scale 3D printing affordable . Last October the company unveiled the Daedalus Pavilion to showcase the technology 's potential . The 5 m high and 4.5 m wide structure was built using a customised KUKA robotic arm and a 3D printing gun . Bristol - based Reach Robotics is developing monster robots controlled by mobile devices to use with video games . The company has created more than thirty prototypes since it was launched in 2014 , but the first design to be released commercially is MekaMon . SP The customisable machines are designed to let players engage in combat through augmented reality gaming and are currently available from $ 275 ( PS224 ) . SP Reach Robotics has secured a disclosed total of $ 250,000 ( PS200,575 ) in seed funding so far from seven different investors . Open Bionics designs 3D - printed bionic hands for amputees using medical grade materials . The open source initiative produces devices that are easily reproduced using off - the - shelf materials and teamed up with Disney in 2015 to create a superhero - themed range of prosthetics for children . SP The company has received a total of $ 120,000 ( PS96,270 ) equity funding and $ 20,000 ( PS16,045 ) seed funding . In February it added $ 1 million ( PS802,100 ) in prize money after beating more than 1,000 other entrants to the International UAE Robotics for Good Award . The winnings will be used to push the product through the final stages of medical testing before it can be made available to everyone who needs it . Oxfordshire startup Animal Dynamics emerged as a spinout company from the Department of Zoology at Oxford University that builds bio - inspired vehicles using deep science to understand naturally - evolved designs . The team are working to develop a portfolio of products based on research into flight , swimming and walking in the natural world . The company was co - founded by biomechanics professor Dr Adrian Thomas and entrepreneur Alex Caccia in 2015 , and has attracted seed funding from angel investors Oxford Technology and the University of Oxford Isis Fund ( UOIF ) to build and test its first products and an undisclosed amount of Series A funding . The creators of Moley Robotics claim to have designed the world 's first robotic kitchen . The automated chef is operated by a smartphone and combines the standard kitchen equipment of oven , hob and sink with the unusual addition of two dexterous robotic arms that take care of the cooking . The company has raised a total of $ 1.17 million ( PS939,000 ) in equity crowdfunding since it was founded in 2014 . A prototype of the device won the " Best of the Best " award at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Shanghai the next year , and a consumer version is set to launch sometime in 2017 , supported by an iTunes - style library of different recipes . Primo Toys are designed to help children learn , play and create with technology . Their first release is a wooden robot called Cubetto that helps teach young children how to code through tactile learning . Cubetto is placed atop a map on a floor mat and the child puts coloured blocks on a board that tell the smiling robot where to go . SP The company was founded in 2013 by Matteo Loglio and Filippo Yacob to help kids become creators of technology rather than just consumers . They ' ve attracted a total of $ 1.18 million ( PS950,000 ) in funding so far , from investors including Randi Zuckerberg , the sister of Facebook founder Mark . Cubetto is currently available to buy for $ 225 ( PS180 ) . SP London - based startup Emotech has designed what it bills as " the first personal robot with individual personality . " The deep - learning capabilities of the voice - controlled device known as " Olly " let it adapt to the personality of its user over time through daily interactions . The technology won the creators four different CES Innovation Awards in 2017 . The robotics startup was founded in August 2014 to explore ways of improving the relationships between people and technology and has already secured $ 10 million ( PS8 million ) of Series A funding from Alliance Capital and Lightning Capital , plus an undisclosed amount of angel funding . Serial entrepreneur Tom Lipinski developed Q - Bot after he uncovered a problem with laying floor insulation in older homes while working on a previous project aimed at reducing domestic energy use . Q - Bot is his solution . The tiny four - wheeled robot is inserted through an air vent armed with a 3D scanner and insulating foam to survey the underside of floorboards and apply insulation as required . Q - Bot was founded in 2012 and won best startup at the Invention and Entrepreneurship in Robotics and Automation Awards in Seattle in 2015 . The system has been trialled with clients including Camden Council and CityWest Homes , and the company claims it can save between PS200 and PS300 a year in energy bills . A total of PS2 million has been invested in Q - Bot from the EU Horizon 2020 Programme and two rounds of seed funding . Starship Technologies develops small self - driving robots designed to deliver goods locally within 30 minutes . The electric six - wheeled personal couriers drive on pavements at a pedestrian speed of four miles per hour to the location of the customer who then unlock the delivery using their personal code . The startup is headquartered in London but its engineering operations are based in Estonia . Skype co - founders Janus Friis and Ahti Heinla created the company in 2015 and have gained $ 17.2 million ( PS13.8 million ) of funding from eight investors including HOF Capital and Playfair Capital . Dr Alexander Enoch developed his idea for Robotical while working with bulky machines during his PhD in Robotics studies at the University of Edinburgh . The compact bipedal robot called Marty harnesses the power of play to teach computer skills to children by letting them reprogramme the device and customise its 3D - printed parts . The company has received funding from the the Royal Academy of Engineering 's Enterprise Hub and more than PS86,000 on a crowdfunding platform . Marty is currently available at a special pre - order price of PS99 plus shipping .
Andi Friedman is feeling " energised and excited " following a R16-million investment his startup Mobenzi received from Vumela Fund . Friedman said the Series - A funding served as a good recognition of all the hard work the company has done . He said the fund , which is managed by FNB and Edge Growth , took a significant minority stake in Mobenzi . The startup clinched the investment after taking part in one - on - one mentoring with accelerator and capital advisory firm Impact Amplifier . The accelerator provided the company with strategic support as well as other acceleration services . Mobenzi was founded in 2009 by Friedman and Pete Fowles . The two have developed a suite of products which include a range of flexible mobile apps and software - as - a - service ( SaaS ) platforms . This suit can rapidly be configured to apply to a variety of sectors . Mobenzi 's platform is aimed at those who work directly with customers and enables mobile interactions such as data collection and case management . The platform is also by nature , self - service while still providing a solid foundation for flexible turnkey solutions . An example of this is the Community Health Worker Service used in the Western Cape and the North West . " We are excited to have the Vumela Team on board . We are at a critical stage of our growth , and having a long - term partner , which can help us scale and is aligned with our social mission , is imperative , " said Friedman , earlier in a press release to Ventureburn . Impact Amplifier partner Maximilian Pichulik said Mobenzi will use the investment to help the company to build their suite of products and accelerate their expansion internationally . Pichulik said the accelerators was attracted by Mobenzi 's commercial scalability and the company 's strong focus and talented team . Edge Growth fund head Richard Rose added that the startup is an exciting addition to the fund 's investment portfolio . " Their software solutions will be a powerful enabler for job creation , and be globally competitive with the best out there . " Featured image : James Lee via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resize )
MY - WAY , a Startup Europe project with the goal to help more young adults to become successful web entrepreneurs , just relaunched the MY - WAY map - which was created with the goal to index Europe 's startup ecosystems . It provides aspiring entrepreneurs and young people thinking about starting up with a ton of information and contact details from VCs , angel investors , accelerators , service providers and other players within their local startup scene . The map was created to empower first time entrepreneurs to understand the startup environment not only around them , but throughout Europe , and to help them find the missing piece that enables them to start and grow their business . The MY - WAY team , in which EU - Startups is one of the partners , is continuously updating the map and includes new entities on a regular basis . For the initial launch of the map , the focus was on 10 specific cities only ( Berlin , Brussels , Budapest , Dublin , Istanbul , London , Madrid , Milan , Stockholm , Tel - Aviv ) . But the plan is to really make it a European map and to shine light on all those startup hubs which are not very well documented yet . SP Given the large number of vibrant startup hubs in Europe , the team behind MY - WAY is very open to receive hints and suggestions on what organisations to include - especially from smaller startup hubs , since they are n't well represented in the map yet . If you have an addition to the map , please feel free to contact the coordinators of the project via email ( coordinator@mywaystartup.eu ) .
Out of the hundreds of African startups that pitched for their spot at the Seedstars Global Summit , only 18 have made the cut . Partnering with VC4A to attract and monitor eligible startups across Africa , the 18 winners go on to pitch in front of an international crowd at the summit in April this year . " We could n't be more excited for these entrepreneurs and want this event to play a part in accelerating a pan - African innovation ecosystem and entrepreneurship community , " Seedstars World stated in a press release . The 18 startups , along with others from around the world will undergo a two - day bootcamp , and master class . They will be receiving mentorship from top accelerators such as The Founders Institute , eBay , Amazon , and SwissRE . They will also stand a chance to win US$ 500 000 in equity investments . The top 18 African startups to compete at the Seedstars Global Summit are :
Chinese ride - hailing giant Didi Chuxing is lending its data to authorities as part of a new initiative to ease traffic congestion . Earlier this year , Didi partnered with the traffic police department of Jinan , the capital of Eastern China 's Shandong province , which claims a population of more than 7 million . Jingshi Road is one of the most heavily congested thoroughfares in the city , and in March , as part of a trial to help get cars moving more quickly , the city installed smart traffic signals . These use sensors embedded on the road to help sync the traffic lights in accordance with the shifting volume of vehicles . However , feeding into this is a vast swathe of real - time road data provided by Didi , which analyzes its gargantuan army of drivers to see where traffic is moving and where it is likely to become congested . This helps inform the traffic signal cycles so the gaps between light changes are tweaked to cater to shifting patterns of vehicle movement . Above : Smart traffic signals positioned at an intersection on Jingshi Road According to data provided by Didi , delays caused by congestion during rush hour dropped nearly 11 percent . As a result of this initial trial , authorities are now working on installing more smart traffic signal systems throughout the city . Didi Chuxing was formed in 2015 following a merger between local rivals Didi Dache and Kuaidi Dache . Similar to Uber , Didi Chuxing offers smartphone - based car services , such as carpooling , taxis , and premium cars with drivers . Didi is the clear market leader in China , a fact that led Uber to merge its Chinese operations with Didi in a $ 30 billion deal last year . As part of its push to become a global player , Didi last week announced a whopping $ 5.5 billion funding round . However , China remains Didi 's primary focus for now , and at the end of April the company revealed a new program to work with city authorities to " resolve deteriorating traffic problems " by offering up a new traffic data platform , called Didi Traffic . This is currently being used by regulators in Shenzhen , Jinan , and Wuhan . A number of other big data initiatives have sprung up from e - taxi firms elsewhere in the world . Uber has previously partnered with cities such as Boston for projects that involve analyzing trip - level data , including date and time , pickup / drop - off locations , distance traveled , and duration . This data helps establish traffic patterns and informs decisions around road improvements and parking zones , among other infrastructure projects . Elsewhere , GPS data derived from a number of e - taxi platforms is being used to improve road conditions in developing countries . Last April , the Open Traffic pilot program launched in the Philippines to show how real - time data can improve traffic and road conditions , with the World Bank backing a new open - source platform that used anonymized GPS data from thousands of Grab drivers to establish congestion patterns and travel times . The program was later opened to include other e - taxi companies , including Easy Taxi and Le Taxi , which collectively operate across dozens of markets , and it was extended into new countries , including Brazil , Malaysia , and Colombia . Didi says that it clocks around 20 million ride requests each day , processing around 2,000 terabytes of data as result . That 's a colossal amount of information , and it 's proving to be a useful byproduct of the company 's ride - sharing service . Bike - sharing platforms have also risen to prominence in China as a consequence of heavy traffic . Back in March , bike - sharing startup Ofo raised $ 450 million , with Didi joining the funding frenzy , while competitor Mobike struck a deal with Tencent to bring bike sharing to WeChat users in China .
Almost a year after the Australian Securities Exchange ( ASX ) blocked its attempts to list , prompting discussions around startup IPOs , music streaming startup Guvera Limited has ceased operations , with founder and chief executive Claes Loberg departing . SP Fairfax reported that shareholders were informed on Friday evening of the departure of Loberg and major investor Steve Porch from the board , with remaining cofounder and director Darren Herft calling on those interested in joining the board to step forward . SP Founded in 2008 with ambitions to take on Pandora and Spotify , the Gold Coast startup 's streaming platform operated on a brand - funded model , and was looking to focus its efforts on emerging markets including India and Indonesia after finding little success locally . SP Having raised $ 185 million in funding from over 3,000 investors , many self - managed super funds , since launch , the Guvera last year issued a prospectus stating it would be aiming to raise between $ 40 million and $ 100 through a float that would put its valuation at over $ 1 billion . This valuation confused many ; despite having 14 million users across 10 countries , the prospectus showed the startup had brought in just $ 1.2 million in revenue through the 2015 financial year , and lost $ 81 million . With the company haemorrhaging money , the float would be key to the company 's survival . The prospectus noted : " Should Guvera be unable to raise sufficient capital under the prospectus , there is a significant uncertainty whether Guvera will be able to continue as a going concern and therefore , whether it will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due . " SP Concern over the proposed listing grew in both the startup and wider community , with the Australian Shareholders ' Association director Geoffrey Bowd saying Guvera was a good example of how important is is for shareholders to carefully read offer documents in order to fully understand the risks associated with a business . " It is really concerning that a loss - making company which expects operating losses and negative operating cash flow to continue into the future may list on the ASX , particularly where its ongoing viability is dependent on the proceeds from the IPO , " he said . SP With concerns mounting , the ASX blocked the listing , releasing a statement it had " exercised its discretion to refuse admission , based on material contained in Guvera 's application for admission " . SP Following the failed float attempt , Guvera Limited put subsidiaries Guvera Australia and Guv Services into administration , while Guvera Employment also called in administrators in late March . SP Loeberg reported in a note to shareholders in March that the company would be refocusing its efforts on a new business model , advertising tracking , powered through an app called DragonFli . SP " Rather than us maintaining the expense we once had providing a full music streaming platform , we are outsourcing this to third party providers . All content will now be delivered only inside brand channels , and only at the request and expense of the brands using the content in separate deals with content owners , " Loeberg wrote . SP According to the AFR , the company hoped this app would help it bring in the money necessary to help it meet the terms of a deed of company arrangement , with Guvera needing to pay the creditors of its subsidiaries $ 180,000 each month . To recoup funds for investors , Herft stated the company holds " valuable IP " which could be sold off or commercialised , and claimed the company was also owed $ 6 million in R&D tax credits .
SoftBank Group just invested $ 5 billion in China 's Didi Chuxing , China 's biggest ride - sharing service . Last year Uber sold their China business to Didi resolving ( by giving up ) all the legal and antitrust investigations it was undergoing in China . In other news , Chris Urmson , CTO of Google 's self - driving car program for many years , left to start a new company . In a recent lecture at CMU , Chris Urmson who got his PhD from and taught at CMU , co - founder and CEO of self - driving car startup Aurora and part of the DARPA Urban and Grand Challenge teams , described three major transitions involving self - driving cars and said that " It 's a wonderful time to be a roboticist . " ( Urmson 's new startup , Aurora , will develop software , hardware , and data to sell to automakers who want to build their own autonomous cars . ) Chris predicts an inevitable shift to EVs , a change in the ownership concept to transportation services , and dramatic changes in manufacturing and jobs in what used to be the auto industry and will soon be the transportation services industry . Urmson attributes the shift in thought from gradually adding more self - driving features until it becomes time to remove the pedals and steering wheel - the stated posture of most of the auto industry - to using deep learning and simulation training to be able to directly go to self - driving cars - the position taken by Google , Ford , and many of the new startups - as a particularly important contribution made by Google . Later in his lecture , when answering a question about the state of the robotics industry versus the state of the art being developed in universities and research labs such as CMU , he lauded the deep pockets that business - and especially Google - brings to research in general and self - driving cars in particular . SP I ' ve set this video of his presentation entitled ' Perspectives on Self - Driving Cars ' to begin at a particularly interesting spot where Urmson describes the transition to transportation as a service . You may want to watch the whole video -- it 's very informative . SP The traditional transportation model , where a person owns and drives his or her own car , is in flux . The shift to Transportation as a Service ( TaaS ) radically changes ownership from individual owners to fleet owners and negates the need for so much space devoted to parking and repair facilities . I ' ve written about the many other stakeholders going to be effected by this transformation but here 's one very large group that opens up a whole new world of opportunity : what 's going to happen to home garages and carports in the age of TaaS ? Who are the stakeholders that are going to benefit just in that little world ( think Home Depot ) ? Urmson lays out a timeframe for these transformations : fully autonomous cars begin hitting the road within 5 years and become widely accepted within 20 years . SP PriceWaterhouseCoopers confirms those forecasts and projects nearly 20% of auto industry revenues and 36% of profits will shift from auto sales to services by 2030 . Yet The New York Times just did a story about how China is ramping up their auto industry to become competitive so that they can begin exporting their cars as well as domestically outsell the international automakers producing and selling their cars in China . Is this a big bubble waiting to burst ? Autonomous driving will certainly encounter speed bumps and take longer to implement than many may predict . Regulatory issues seem the most important potential holdups and have to be resolved before any real momentum can begin . Right now states regulate drivers while the federal government regulates manufacturers . How is that going to change ? And how quickly ? What other unforeseen delays can we expect ? SP This story is just beginning . As one who has seen , admired , and looked inside Mercedes ' concept self - driving car , I ca n't wait to ask Alexa to have one outside my place in 10 minutes so I can go to dinner . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
Universite de Quebec a Montreal ( UQAM ) and its School of Management ( ESG UQAM ) , Tourisme Montreal and the City of Montreal have launched MT Lab , an incubator dedicated for tourism , culture and entertainment startups . SP A joining of academic , entrepreneurial and municipal sectors , MT Lab has a mission to host fledgling entrepreneurs from Quebec , Canada and abroad in the tourism , transport , festivals , culture , hotel , restaurant and entertainment sectors . MT Lab plans to host its first cohort of approximately eight to 10 start - ups in various fields : technology , digital technology , artificial intelligence , fintech , virtual / augmented reality , new services , linked objects , usage innovation , collaborative and sustainable economy , etc . MT Lab is possible due to a financial contribution of $ 200,000 from the City of Montreal , originating from the Fonds de developpement des territoires , a program of the Ministere des Affaires municipales et de l'Occupation du territoire . Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre , said , " Montreal is a catalyst for entrepreneurial strengths , and the start - up ecosystem makes a significant contribution to the city 's economic activity . The MT Lab initiative participates in the sector 's burgeoning activity , while reinforcing Montreal 's draw by building on the innovative energy of young entrepreneurs . The incubator is part of our development strategy for an increasingly innovative and successful metropolis . " Tourism is a real economic engine in Montreal and Quebec , and MT Lab is helping to reinvent it , due in part to its partnership with Paris 's tourism incubator , Welcome City Lab . Yves Lalumiere , president and CEO of Tourisme Montreal , added , " One sure way to increase the number of tourists in our city and the quality of their experience is to increase and diversify the tourism offer . MT Lab will undoubtedly contribute to the reinvention of our offer with a view to positioning Montreal at the top of the list of cities to visit . " MT Lab will be located at UQAM , in the heart of the entertainment district , in the Pierre - Dansereau Science Complex . The incubator will offer start - ups a set of services , including conference areas , an open space for coworking with open access and mentoring . " A fine example of a university contribution to the vitality of its community , MT Lab will make the advanced expertise of UQAM and its School of Management available to start - ups , to foster innovation in key sectors of the Montreal economy , " said UQAM rector , Robert Proulx . The start - ups supported by MT Lab will benefit from an environment dedicated to entrepreneurship as well as tourism and innovation observatories , in addition to privileged access to the business networks of several incubator partners , who will be announced shortly . " ESG has placed entrepreneurship at the heart of its mission . This tourism enterprise incubator will play a role in the development of Quebec 's economy to which ESG is proud to contribute , " added Stephane Pallage , dean of ESG UQAM . The call for applications from young businesses is currently underway and will run until May 5 . SP
Your boss is an idiot and you 're looking for something new ? Each week we 're introducing you to some great career opportunities in the startup space . This is your chance to join one of Europe 's most promising startups . Check out our job board for startup jobs to get a complete overview on the 80 + open postitions there . And without further ado here are the startup jobs of the week : Dealini.ch is a creative agency with a heavy tech focus . Its focus is on converting offline contacts to online customers through apps , websites and even interactive applications on big touchscreens . Join the Zurich - based team now as a Senior Python Developer . Project A is an operational VC that provides its ventures with capital , an extensive network and exclusive access to a wide range of operational expertise . Join the Berlin - based investment firm now as a Customer Success Agent , a Data Engineer or a Communications Manager . Belgium - based Xpenditure is changing the way people manage their expenses . It helps you get rid of Excel sheets and shoeboxes filled with receipts . Join the promising company now as Customer Success Engineer , Online Account Executive or Sales Development Representative . Wimdu aims to turn private , home - grown rentals into an easy to use global norm . By connecting guests and hosts worldwide , Wimdu believes in making quality travel experiences more accessible to everyone . Join the Berlin - based company now as Site Reliability Engineer . The Berlin - based mobile user acquisition ad - technology company IconPeak is a specialist in mobile advertising . The startup helps leading international brands , from a wide range of verticals acquire quality users for their mobile apps . Jon IconPeak now as Account Manager . By the way : If you 're a startup CEO and also looking for some rockstar employees for your company , make sure to publish a job opening with us now . While basic job ads are free , a premium job ad ( for just EUR69 ) provides you with the following advantages :
Nvidia has come across more than 1,300 AI startups in its Inception program , but the graphics and AI chip maker believes that there are n't enough artificial intelligence startups out there . Jeff Herbst , vice president of business development , said that Nvidia wants to partner with venture capitalists to fund even more AI startups that will build out the necessary parts of the ecosystem for AI , which is expected to become a huge part of the technology landscape going forward . He said the doors are open to partnering because there are so many more startups than Nvidia can help or finance on its own . Nvidia held a lunch on Thursday at its GPU Technology Conference to enlist dozens of venture capitalists in its crusade to change the world through artificial intelligence . Five startups made presentations to the VCs during the lunch , and Herbst spoke with Jim McHugh , general manager of Nvidia 's deep learning group , about the trends that will create opportunities for AI startups in the future . Above : Jeff Herbst of Nvidia " Every meaningful startup is using a GPU in some form now , " Herbst said . " Every relevant AI company comes through us . We are at the center of the revolution . We can be a great source of deal flow " for venture capitalists . Nvidia also launched its Tesla V100 AI processors today , which has 21 billion transistors and is about three times as powerful as the chip that Nvidia launched a year ago . McHugh said that it 's amazing to see a chip platform move so fast and stay ahead of Moore 's Law , the prediction that chip performance will double every couple of years as the number of transistors double every couple of years . But he thinks that startups in particular will benefit from the Nvidia DGX Station , which essentially lets startups get started on AI processing right away . Nvidia is a strategic investor , and it has invested in about 15 of the 1,300 startups in its Inception program . But there are more AI startups than Nvidia can invest in , and it wants to keep investing in companies that find a new way to use Nvidia 's GPUs . Jay Eum , managing director at Translink Capital , said he thought the idea of partnering with strategic investors was a good one because they can open so many doors for startups . During the session , VCs heard presentations from five AI startups : Datalogue ( automating data preparation ) , Drive.ai ( building the brain of self - driving cars ) , Fastdata.io ( using GPUs to accelerate streaming data ) , MapD ( accelerating SQL database processing with GPUs ) , and SoundHound ( a leader in voice - enabled AI ) . MapD recently closed a $ 25 million round led by NEA , and it has open - sourced its platform . Herbst said that Nvidia has three more investments in the pipeline . Nvidia plans to have more GPU Ventures events in the future . " We are enabling the software ecosystem around our platform , " Herbst said . " It 's a platform focus . Do n't think of us as guys in Cupertino , Santa Clara , and San Diego . We are completely different . We are financial investors , but we are primarily strategic investors . "
Barclays Africa Group and Techstars today released the names of 10 financial - technology ( fintech ) companies selected to participate in the second Barclays Accelerator programme , powered by Techstars . The successful companies , all focused on providing fintech solutions in Africa , will participate in a 13-week growth acceleration programme at Barclays Africa 's Rise fintech innovation hub in Cape Town from mid - May . The 2017 programme participants are : Flexpay ( Kenya ) , Howler ( South Africa ) , Spatialedge ( South Africa ) , Abe.ai ( USA ) , The Sun Exchange ( South Africa ) , Byte Money ( South Africa ) , Avenews - GT ( Israel ) , FOMO Travel ( South Africa ) , Kapitalwise ( USA ) and eCOIDA ( South Africa ) . Yasaman Hadjibashi , chief creation officer at Barclays Africa Group , said : " Our diverse , ambitious , and growth - hungry African continent with its young population is finding a growing self - actualisation momentum now more than ever , with the largest segment being the millennials . " Through our deep and lean collaborations with fintechs , and in fact all kinds of startups , we aim to further drive this momentum that can result in the creation and accelerated distribution of new products , experiences , and services that will make a difference for our African communities . " Applications were received from fintech startups in 52 countries . Through a rigorous and competitive process , the 10 successful companies were selected to participate in the 13-week accelerator programme . The best fintech solutions could be made available across the Barclays Africa Group footprint comprising close to 12 million customers in ten African markets , and participants could have the opportunity to leverage the bank 's expertise and technology teams . " Each of the 10 successful companies represented something unique that we believe has the potential to become a significant and relevant player on a global scale , " says Yossi Hasson , MD of Techstars . " Access to Barclays Africa 's base is a significant opportunity for these fintech companies to greatly accelerate their growth through partnership or distribution deals with Barclays and access to their senior executives as mentors , providing key expertise to the startups that ordinarily would be almost impossible to get access to , " adds Hasson . The companies will follow the proven Techstars model and will have direct access to top mentors , investors and venture capitalists in Africa as well life - long access to the Techstars global network . The accelerator programme aims to uncover the next " Paypal " by working with exceptional fintech entrepreneurs innovating Africa 's financial services industry . Techstars is the " best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market , " says Hasson . " Techstars is significant as it has been working with technology businesses since 2006 and has invested in more than 920 companies which have gone on to raise over $ 3-billion dollars in funding . Ninety percent of companies that have been through a Techstars accelerator are still active today or have been acquired " . Abe.ai ( USA ) : Designs artificial intelligence solutions for the banking industry , helping banks better engage and support their customers at scale ; significantly reducing the costs of servicing and acquiring customers through the use of chatbots . FOMO Travel ( SA ) : Provides a gamification model for travel , which gives the user the opportunity to reduce their financial obligation through crowdfunding , rewards and incentives . Avenews - GT ( ISRAEL ) : Designed a digital trading platform based on blockchain technology , modernising agricultural trade by connecting food wholesalers to food producers directly , reducing distribution costs , creating financial security , and providing chain transparency . Byte Money ( SA ) : Provides solutions that help avoid mismanagement of payments in the informal sector . Byte Money taps into and revolutionises existing third - world payment channels and integrates them with first - world technologies . Flexpay ( Kenya ) : Provides an automated and secured layaway system that manages the purchase of goods . Customers can choose to pay for goods over varying periods of time . Howler ( SA ) : Provides an event commerce platform . Howler is the consolidation of three powerful events and entertainment platforms , designed at the highest benchmark of service and technology , helping consumers and event organisers to make moments that matter . Spatialedge ( SA ) : Focused on consumer analytics and targeting . Using a proprietary consumer database , Spatialedge enriches and verifies clients and customers by spatially locating them , mapping them , and use advanced analytics to help clients locate and target new customers . Kapitalwise ( US ) : Simplifies the investment process for millennials by automating their investment decisions using machine learning and predictive analytics . eCOIDA ( SA ) : eCOIDA is an online insurance technology platform ; a central database that connects all role players in real - time , creating an accurate workflow , fraud - free , paperless claims - processing platform . The Sun Exchange ( SA ) : The Sun Exchange enables anyone anywhere to own and earn from solar panels powering Africa , India and other developing economies . The exchange allows for collaborative solar finance using blockchain . SP
People often ask me , " Why did you move from San Francisco to , uh , Detroit ? " The answer is easy . In 10 years , San Francisco will be as good as it is today , but Detroit will be a roaring city once again , defining a new technology hub at the intersection of steel and bits . When choosing to move to Detroit , a city that has been in a recent state of rebuild , many do so to roll up their sleeves , get to work , and make a difference . These attributes are what 's needed in an entrepreneur , which makes the city 's vibe appealing to early stage startups . When entrepreneurs make the pilgrimage to San Francisco to change the world with their ideas , they do so for the vast amount of resources present in the Valley . Detroit , too , has immense resources at an entrepreneur 's disposal , but to build and scale in Detroit is to build and scale Detroit itself - something you can no longer do in the Valley . And this is the reason I packed up and left San Francisco for Detroit in October of 2011 . I wanted to take part in the emerging entrepreneurial gold rush in Detroit . I wanted to help fuel the startup renaissance and create a legacy . And over the last six years , I ' ve seen the seeds of entrepreneurship blossom into a growing and thriving ecosystem . ( Check out the documentary Generation Startup to see what it is like to build a startup in Detroit . ) The cost of living and doing business in Detroit is much lower than in coastal hubs like San Francisco and New York . You can hire a recent computer science graduate for $ 60 K vs. $ 120 K on the coasts . According to Numbeo , the cost of living in San Francisco is 93 percent higher than in Detroit . Your employees can afford a wonderful house in a great neighborhood , live in an amazing school district , and not break the bank . Not something you could do easily in San Francisco or New York . But across metro Detroit , you can . And that means more money to hire and scale your company . Your employees can raise a family and still live on an early stage startup salary . And your venture capital investors can see higher returns as a result of less capital needed to scale the business . Detroit has a great talent network spanning universities , Fortune 500 companies , and business titans . ig Google got its seed funding as research out of the University of Michigan . A high percentage of the top venture capitalists in the United States have taken Professor David Brophy 's classes on venture capital . With 75 percent of the US automotive industry R&D investment located in Michigan , the future of self - driving cars will be built and tested across Detroit . New facilities like Mcity and the American Center for Mobility will support testing and validation of autonomous vehicles . And business titans that call Detroit home include Dan Gilbert , Roger Penske , Chris Ilitch , and Bill Ford . There 's a hidden diamond in the Midwest that contains an economy larger than California . Chicago to Detroit , down through Cleveland to Pittsburgh , bending through Columbus to Cincinnati , and coming full circle through Indianapolis back to Chicago . SP Image source : The Diamond in the Midwest Within this map , there is a significant intersection of talent and business : And if Drive Capital 's Chris Olson is right , in five years , the Midwest will have more startups than Silicon Valley . Three years ago , Techstars Mobility launched in Detroit . Since then , we ' ve seen many startups relocate or open up shop in Detroit to tap into the automotive dominance of the region . SPLT and Lunar , part of the 2015 class of Techstars Mobility , both relocated from NYC to Detroit . Together they now employ over 40 individuals in the city 's downtown . And Oblong , PolySync , and Mapbox all opened offices operating out of the Techstars office . According to the 2017 Michigan Venture Capital Association Research Report , there are 141 active venture - backed startups across Michigan . Some hot sectors include fintech ( e.g. , Benzinga in Detroit ) , life science / healthcare ( e.g. , Millendo Therapeutics in Ann Arbor ) , and security ( Duo Security also in Ann Arbor ) . Higher growth startups include Rocket Fiber that provides gigabit internet and Shinola that is bringing back manufacturing to Detroit . Midtown is the most welcoming to the startup community . With lower cost , incredible food and drink , and university access , this area has it all . Anchoring Midtown is Wayne State University , the third largest university in Michigan . Nearby is TechTown , a non - profit business accelerator , and Next Energy , one of the first research pavilions in the nation to offer access to a smart microgrid and a smart home . A few blocks away is Green Garage , a supportive , sustainable co - working space , which was formerly a showroom for Model T automobiles in the 1920s . Midtown is also where Techstars Mobility partnered with Foundry Group to provide a house for free to founders building their startups in Detroit . Startups also call downtown home too . WeWork Detroit and Bamboo Detroit offer founders plenty of space to build their businesses . The Madison Block ( one of seven tech hubs sponsored by Google for Entrepreneurs ) is home to a dozen startups and venture capital funds , including Ludlow Ventures , Detroit Venture Partners , Draper Triangle , Microsoft Ventures , and Twitter . On the rise is also Eastern Market , home to the United State 's largest open - air market . Lots of great lofts are occupied by a growing number of startups . Many founders are known to frequent Avalon International Breads , The Bottom Line Coffee House , Motor City Brewing , and the Jolly Pumpkin , all in Midtown . If you 're looking to run into an investor or corporate exec , you might want to check out the Sugar House , home to the best cocktail in America , Selden Standard , a seasonal American restaurant , Chartreuse , voted best restaurant in Detroit , or Green Dot Stables , where everything on the menu is $ 3 ( a personal favorite , where bills shock my coastal friends ) . Detroit Startup Week , a week of free entrepreneurial - focused panels and networking events in May , is a great place to meet with people in the startup community . In fact , Lunar hired 2 people from the 2016 Detroit Startup Week . Also in May is the Michigan Growth Capital Symposium , which is heading into its 36th year , attracting 100s of investors and startups . Every fall is the annual Techstars Mobility Demo Day which draws 1000 + attendees as the largest single day startup event in Michigan . Whether you decide to come to Detroit for 36 hours ( great post on the NYTimes on doing so ) or eventually call it home , the city and region is rapidly growing . New early stage startups are popping up at an increasing rate , music is flourishing in Detroit - Jack White just opened his new Third Man Records storefront in Midtown - and new restaurants , shops , and art are opening up every day ( like Warby Parker , Bonobos , Nike , and Under Armour ) . Building something in Detroit is building Detroit . Special thanks to Hunter , Rohith , David , Chris , and Lisa for reviewing drafts of this article . Ted Serbinski is Managing Director of Techstars Mobility . SP
New Zealand financial literacy startup Banqer has expanded into Australia , bagging a partnership with financial services provider Netwealth that will see 15,000 students across the country receive free access to the platform . Born out of a Startup Weekend in Wellington in 2014 , Banqer is an online banking system that works alongside the usual day in the classroom . Using fictional currency , students can earn for completing classroom jobs or offering services to other kids , track spending on the likes of classroom wifi , and pay tax , while teachers can trigger things like interest rate rises or virtual earthquakes to teach students about the benefits of insurance , for example . The platform is being used by more than 20,000 students across 450 schools in New Zealand , its reach expanding in part thanks to the startup last year partnering with Kiwibank ; the bank funded the rollout of the platform to over 1,000 new classrooms across the country . With Netwealth to work with Banqer in a similar fashion in Australia , joint managing director Matt Heine said that as the company seeks to enable , educate , and inspire people to see wealth differently , Banqer is a good opportunity to start kids on this journey . " We all want a brighter future for our kids , and that means making sure programs like Banqer get into our schools so kids can learn in a practical way , lifelong concepts about money . We are very proud to have brought this program to Australian kids , " he said . " All kids deserve a great start to life and being financially literate , being confident and curious , is a huge step towards this goal . " Access to the platform costs schools $ 2 per student per term ; with over two million primary school students in Australia , the startup has a $ 16 million - a - year opportunity locally . With a number of Australian schools already signed on , cofounder and CEO Kendall Flutey will be spending much of 2017 in Australia to onboard more before looking to the US . The startup already has a number of classrooms onboard in the UK , South Africa , Canada . " Financial illiteracy is a global problem so we need to be a global solution . I ' m a firm believer that when it comes to money ; knowledge is power . Banqer 's aim is to arm young people with the skills they need to make smart and informed financial choices as adults , " she said . " If we do that , we think we 'll make strong in - roads at reducing inequality , crippling debt , and poverty in New Zealand and around the world . "
For its next event , Startup Grind Cape Town will be hosting Monique Woodward of 500 Startups . The event takes place on 31 March at Workshop 17 . Woodward is a venture partner at 500 Startups , which invests in early - stage startups . She also leads a US$ 25-million microfund for black and Latino founders . Those attending the Startup Grind Cape Town event will be able to ask Woodward about investing and getting the attention of investors . It will also be attended by 25 other VCs and community builders from around the world . Read more : Startup Grind : 12 things we learnt from Yoco 's Katlego Maphai Tickets for the event will be R80 per person for the next day . Thereafter they will cost R120 per person . For anyone that does n't pre - purchase their tickets online , these will be R150 at the door per person . The tickets can be purchased through the Startup Grind website here .
Silicon Valley based SA entrepreneur Vinny Lingham says he plans to open an office in Cape Town to hire developers for his new startup Civic , following reforms to South Africa 's Intellectual Property ( IP ) control regulations . " The Reserve Bank by listening to the community and making the changes ( to the IP control rules ) have opened it up to more foreign investments , " Lingham said in a Skype call with Ventureburn from San Francisco on Friday last week . Lingham recently posted a link of Civic 's Facebook account saying the startup is looking to hire in South Africa . It follows an announcement by then Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan in the Budget Speech in February that the IP exchange control would be relaxed . With the relaxation of exchange control , the SA Reserve Bank would allow certain authorised dealers to process cross - border IP transactions on its behalf . Read more : Startups take note : an update on IP control Lingham said previously it had been a complicated , " messy " and expensive process for any SA entrepreneur based overseas who wanted to set up an SA office for their company . " The law prevented South Africans from investing back home , " he added . " Previously to set up an office in South Africa we had to have a separate company which is unaffiliated with the US company because I am a shareholder of the US company and I ' m still a South African citizen . " Lingham was not sure yet how many jobs Civic would add at the Cape Town office . " We 'll start up with a handful and we 'll grow the office and as we expand into South Africa we will be able to invest locally there as well , " he said . He said setting up an SA office was a good bet . " There 's great talent in South Africa and with the exchange rate as it is we do n't see it coming back , so it 's good value for money . " He said he was in the process of applying for exchange control approval to set up the SA office . " I ' ve got some people on the ground who are doing it in Cape Town . They 're working with the Reserve Bank and they 'll be working with people there , " he added . Lingham said he will launch his new startup Civic on 25 May at blockchain conference Consensus in New York . He said that a poll he ran on Twitter a few weeks ago saw 85% of respondents indicate that they wanted the product . He said the service would primarily be consumer driven , while some partner companies had already agreed to accept the service . The product will allow users to share information such as users ' social security or identity number securely from any device with digital signatures that certify that the validity of the information hasn't been tampered with . Civic is working with a number of governments at present , although Lingham declined to say which governments these are . " We give you a way to securely store that information on a device with cryptographic keys which guarantee that ( the identity ) is you , and so the person who is receiving the information can trust that it 's you ... " " We basically sign your information ... and if it comes from your device it 's you and when it comes from someone else it 's not . " Lingham says he and his team have been testing the product for 18 months now . " We do n't store data on our servers so there 's no backdoor in ... It 's all on your device and it 's all stored on your device using Apple 's and Android 's protocol . " He says his product will decentralise the storage of data , such that one has to have physical possession of any device to appropriate the information . " The thing is this -- if someone hacks a bank they can steal 20 million IDs . With us they ca n't because they do n't hold it ( the information ) . They can hack your device and get it , but they need to have physical access to it . " Click here for the link to Civic job positions in South Africa . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startup news , Startups
A new SA startup , called Brandchat , allows businesses to interact with their customers through multiple messaging platforms such as Facebook , WeChat , Telegram and Kik . " We want to make it as simple and natural to get in touch with a business as it is to get in touch with friends . Starting a chat is quicker than downloading an app , more immediate and cheaper than making a phone call , and simpler than figuring out a complex website , " said Brandchat director , Pete Matthaei in a press release to Ventureburn . Brandchat has developed a " unified dashboard " which allows businesses to create and manage a bot , giving them better control over their customer support and customer feedback time . This also allows businesses to do all customer support across the specified apps . Brandchat has also developed tools which enable businesses to create more engaging content within the chat apps . This function could also give businesses a way to broadcast their special offers , latest news , polls and surveys directly to their customers . " Businesses are now more accessible to their customers . Imagine being able to open your favourite chat app like Facebook Messenger or WeChat , and start a customer support conversation with the business right there . No hold times . No transfers . And it uses little or no airtime , " explained Matthaei . " We all reach for a chat app whenever we want to get in touch with a friend . Now imagine you could do the same when you want to get in touch with a company , " Matthaei continued . According to Matthaei , Brandchat can offer more valuable customer relationships due to their service as well as " consolidated reporting and measurement " . Featured image : Matthew Hurst via Flickr
After years of experimenting with 3D - printed footwear , Adidas on Friday announced that its first mass - produced 3D - printed shoe , the Futurecraft 4D , will go on sale this fall . The shoe 's sole is shaped using digital light projection , a technology you might be familiar with if you shopped for a rear - projection TV 20 years ago . Despite rear - projection 's demise , the technique is still alive in the 3D printing industry : it projects patterned light onto a liquid photopolymer resin , shaping and hardening it into layers . To make the Futurecraft 4D 's sole , Adidas partnered with the Silicon Valley startup Carbon , which says that its digital light synthesis technique is more efficient than ordinary 3D printing , and thus better - suited to making large quantities of durable goods . According to Texas Instruments , which originally developed the digital light processing concept in the 1980s , it 's now used to quickly print everything from prototypes , jewelry casting , custom medical implants and complex automotive and aerospace components . In Adidas 's case , digital light synthesis results in a sole that works just as well as one made in an injection mold and has similar costs and production times . The company plans to sell 5,000 of the Futurecraft 4D this fall , and an additional 10,000 next year . Pricing hasn't been announced yet ; Reuters reports that the shoes will sell at an " unspecified premium price , " but Adidas plans to lower the cost as the technology develops . Despite the benefits that 3D printing promises to bring to shoe design and manufacturing , it has been a gradual development process for Adidas and its competitors , at least compared to the consumer tech lifecycle . In 2013 , New Balance became the first athletic brand to have a track athlete -- middle distance runner Jack Bolas -- compete in 3D - printed spike plates . But it was n't until three years later that the company managed to sell a 3D - printed shoe to the public in the form of a limited - edition $ 400 sneaker . Adidas , meanwhile , unveiled the Futurecraft 4D 's predecessor as a concept shoe in 2015 . It used thermoplastic polyurethane instead of resin shaped by digital light projection . Tom is PCMag 's San Francisco - based news reporter . SP
Time kills all deals and there 's one sure fire way to slow a deal down : not having a data room ready for investors when you approach them . In my time with both Transition Level Investments ( Steve Baxter 's startup investment portfolio ) and Full Circle VC , I ' ve noticed that there is one thing that most efficient and enjoyable deals have in common : a well - structured data room that has been prepared in advance of fundraising meetings . A data room ( or deal room ) is simply a collation of documents to help a counter - party , such as a potential investor or acquirer , get an understanding of your business and satisfy their due diligence . Why you need to be thinking about a data room from the very start Having a data room prepared in advance of any fundraising discussions will help you regardless of what stage you 're at in your startup . There are three main benefits this will bring to your startup : Time Approaching an investor without this information at the ready will cost you precious time while you scramble to put things together . It 's often the case that companies who haven't prepared a data room prior to a raise are disorganised in other respects of their business . For example , when a data room does n't exist and we send our due diligence checklist , we find they 'll often have overdue tax lodgements , and unsigned IP assignments and shareholders ' agreements that then need to be rectified . Not only does it show poor form on the part of the company - it means that the investment will be delayed while these issues are rectified . Preparation SP The act of preparing a data room will help get you in the mindset for fundraising by forcing you to ask what will an investor want to see . This process often prompts founders to document areas of the business that have previously been kept in their head such as future product development and hiring plans . Getting ready to scale and eventually exit Every good business is built on systems . Without documenting these systems , scaling without the wheels falling off will be near impossible . And when the time comes , should you finally get to an opportunity to exit you 'll need to show the acquirer everything that an investor wants to see and probably more . Aside from these reasons , having a data room is simply best practice and a key differentiator between the brilliant companies and the not so good ones . How to build a data room It is never too early to start your data room . In fact , the best founders will already have one in place from day one . It 's not rocket science . Here 's how to set one up in three simple steps . Since a data room is usually an extension or compilation of your existing file structure , if you 're organised and on top of your record keeping , setting up a data room is a quick and simple exercise . Leave it too late and you 'll be scrambling to put something together and it wo n't look good to potential investors . Rowan Grant is Partner at Full Circle VC and cofounder of SmartBooks Online . He has helped shepherd over 25 startup investment deals through due diligence in the past two years .
Habito , the UK 's digital mortgage broker , has raised EUR 6.4 million in Series A funding . The London - based startup has now raised a total of EUR 9.5 million . Habito provides a fast and transparent way to get people the best mortgage possible . Since its launch in April 2016 , Habito has helped more than 20,000 people better understand their mortgage and has completed EUR 58 million in mortgage applications . Daniel Hegarty , the founder and CEO of Habito stated : " The response we ' ve received from customers has proved what we always knew - there 's a huge opportunity to make the experience of getting a mortgage simpler , more transparent and a lot less painful . The industry has suffered from a lack of innovation for decades and the outdated , paper - based manual processes are n't fit for 21st century homeowners . Our technology empowers people to take control of their personal finances and protect themselves against getting or staying on the wrong mortgage . We 're excited to continue to build our business and deliver new services . " Habito 's success to date is signalling a shift in how consumers want to engage with financial services . Over 90% of customers prefer using live chat over a phone conversation to complete and submit their mortgage application . In addition , using artificial intelligence Habito has developed chatbot - Digital Mortgage Adviser - which has halved the average amount of time spent on each case . Coupled with this , the team are always on hand to answer questions - with access to over 10,000 mortgage products across a wide - range of lenders , they can find the best possible deal for the customer . The funding round was led by Silicon Valley - based Ribbit Capital , with participation from existing investor Mosaic Ventures . Over the next 12 months , habito plans to further develop its machine learning capabilities by creating a fully automated end - to - end platform which will enable it to offer new services , such as real - time mortgage approvals and automatic alerts when a better mortgage deal becomes available to registered customers . Micky Malka , founder and general partner , Ribbit Capital : " Mortgages are the biggest personal debt most people take on in their lifetime , and Habito brings a level of transparency that customers value and expect . I ' m confident that Daniel and his team have the right vision to change the mortgage industry for the better . We look forward to supporting them during this period of exponential growth . "
Melbourne fintech startup Assembly Payments has announced today the city will serve as its global headquarters as it gears up to hire more than 60 new team members over the next 12 months . Founded in 2013 , the startup formerly known as PromisePay has already brought on former Xero marketing director Kylie Kneale and Julia Bearzatto , previously tech lead at IBM and CPO of SecurePay . With 64 employees spread across its offices in Melbourne , Sydney , Manila , and St Louis , Assembly was exploring the idea of heading offshore before the Victorian government offered support in the form of a cash grant . Simon Lee , CEO of Assembly , said that while the company has a global team , it is committing to make Melbourne its biggest base . " The local ecosystem and environment are hugely important to us . We think Melbourne has the potential to be one of the most important financial technology centres of the world ; it 's one of the most diverse , creative and forward thinking cities in the region , and those are the exact traits we search for in our people , so we think some of the best tech talent in the world can be found right here at home , " he said . Lee added that the startup does n't see staying put rather than heading overseas as " a sacrifice " . " Silicon Valley companies sell all round the world , as can we . A couple of years ago people would ask why we do n't move to San Francisco or London , but now we 're seeing other Aussie tech companies build international offices but keep HQ at home , so it 's becoming more normal . " It comes just a few months after the startup signed a deal with the eBay - owned classifieds platform Gumtree to power its Gumtree Connect platform . The service will enable customers to post jobs for tradies , who will then submit quotes , with Assembly taking care of the payment side once a job is done . Gumtree is one of more than 100 companies using Assembly globally , with the likes of Carsales , Airtasker , and hipages also customers . Described as a flexible payments platform , with client companies able to manage things like escrow and fraud detection , the startup last June raised $ 14 million in a Series A round led by Carsales , with participation from other investors including Rampersand , Westpac 's Reinventure , and 99Designs cofounder Mark Harbottle . Assembly is just the latest company to get support from the Victorian government to base itself in Melbourne . The government has over the last few years splashed the cash to get global names including Zendesk , Square , and Slack to open offices in the city ; Melbourne - founded logistics software startup GetSwift also returned down under after a stint in New York thanks to a push from Victorian Minister for Innovation Philip Dalidakis . Chairman Bane Hunter said at the time , " We met with [ Dalidakis ] in the US , where he delivered a pretty compelling pitch as to Melbourne should be our first choice for a move back home . " Taking a slightly different approach to luring companies to its state is Queensland with its Hot DesQ program , which offers international startups and Australian startups outside Queensland a grant and free coworking space to relocate to the state for six months .
Tech advancements fall into two general categories : Those that help rich people solve problems that barely existed in the first place -- Uber for yachts , anyone ? -- and those that address meaningful social issues like homeless shelters or food waste reduction . We 'll be looking at the latter category today , with a list of startups that are all tackling a specific disability that could affect any of us : visual impairment . This is the type of problem tech innovation should address . This startup provides a visual interpreter useful to the 20 million blind and low - vision people that the American Foundation for the Blind estimates live in the United States . It pairs with wearables like Google Glass or Vuzix so that your smartphone can offer real - time feedback on your surroundings via a living , breathing human agent who can identify images caught on video . Last Feburary , they closed a Series A financing of over $ 2.5 million , led by Lux Capital and ARCH Venture Partners . This London - based startup aims to provide an audio system that will allow blind or low - vision Londoners to safely navigate their city 's transportation . Though not open to the public yet , the service has several impressive partnerships and trials under its belt . From their website : " We have been working with Transport for London for over a year , exploring the potential for audio navigation in an underground environment . In February 2015 we trialled an installation of beacons in Pimlico Underground Station in London . This developed into a further trial at Euston station in late 2015 . " Wayfindr hopes to build an open standard of audio navigation that can be used far beyond its home base . The EyeFocus Accelerator , launched in 2015 , serves as the world 's first innovation program specifically for companies " making products for preventing , curing , and living with eye disease and blindness . " It is in its second program , which will run until the end of this month . The for - profit social enterprise notes that 285 million people across the world have experienced the effects of sight loss , 80 percent of which is considered avoidable . They hope to change those numbers , offering both a bootcamp eduation and networking opportunities to their participants . This startup tackles visual impairment with AI : The computer vision on a wearable device identifies words and objects , as Startup - Buzz explains : " OrCam has a camera clipped on the eye glasses attached to another device that has a speaker . It assists by reading labels for identifying objects . The device can improve the identification of things that people with poor vision find tough to figure out . SP OrCam has been launched in US and the startup has raised $ 15 Million overall funding . " This company also takes the AI route , presenting users with an app that will identify nearby objects with simple common nouns : Point it at your feet and it will tell you if you 're wearing boots . The service boasts an efficient neural network that functions on anything from your phone , IoT device or AR glass . It can identify colors as well , and the team is working on the ability to label complete scenes . " I can see this changing the way that I walk down the street , " said one proponent , Scott Blanks , Deputy Director of the Lighthouse Center . " The exploration , the willingness to investigate something more than I would otherwise do if I did n't have an immediate assistance from a fellow bystander . " SP
Bots will soon be able to join video conversations in 1:1 and group Skype calls , Microsoft announced today . Bot builders can use the BotBuilder RealTimeMediaCalling extension on Github , now in preview , to bring Skype bots into video conversations . A software development kit for the creation of interactive Skype video bots will be released at an undetermined date , a Skype spokesperson told VentureBeat . " This platform provides real - time , voice and video streams of a Skype call which allows developers to build personal , immersive communications experiences with services and brands , " Skype said in a blog post today . Video bots will be able to do a vast range of things . Beyond brand marketing , video bots could act as your virtual secretary online , or interview a job applicant in a mock interview . AI smarts like sentiment and mood tracking could then be used to grade the readiness of a job applicant . Other changes to Skype available in preview today include the ability to embed web chat -- either human or bot -- right on a website . Doing so will allow a merchant or organization to handle customer service on Skype . The move puts Skype squarely in competition with other live chat services for customer service , from Facebook Messenger to established industry players like LivePerson or startups like Smooch . But bots are n't just coming to the web -- the web is also coming to bots . Skype Add - Ins is also in preview starting today . Add - Ins get a dedicated tab in Skype and operate in a webview , much like the chat extensions that were added to Facebook Messenger three weeks ago . To test new features like Add - Ins , join the waitlist or download the Skype Preview app in the Android app store . Much has happened this week in the AI - bot - chat app sphere for Microsoft . In addition to changes to Skype today , Microsoft Bot Framework channels to publish a bot were extended to Skype for Business , Cortana , and Bing.com search results . The framework is now able to use a Microsoft payments API for transactions . The Cortana Skills Kit is now in public preview , and a selection of 20 some - odd Cortana skills were also made available today . Earlier this week , Harman Kardon Invoke , which will feature Skype and Cortana , was given a launch window of this fall . Other Cortana - enabled devices are also on the way in partnership with HP and Intel , Microsoft announced today .
Working at a startup means you 're able to change course quickly . Pexels When a business is looking for funding and they get rejected by a bank , they are now more likely to head to the internet . Funding Options is a price comparison site for this exact scenario , working a bit like a dating site to match lenders with businesses depending on their specific needs . According to founder and CEO Conrad Ford , Funding Options finances tens of millions of pounds in finance to businesses each year from some of the biggest lenders out there . But the company was n't always so lucrative . Funding Options went through a few tough years when it began . " There 's a few startups in fintech that seem to have got things right on day one and exploded from there and became unicorns , " Ford told Business Insider . " We certainly were n't in that category . It was two or three years before the torch paper lit and we fired into life . " Business Insider sat down with Ford to discuss his story and what he would recommend graduates do if they 're looking to get into the fintech industry . Here are 8 pieces of advice he learned from his own experiences . If you want to get into the fintech world but you ' ve also been offered a job at a big financial institution , Ford says you should always take it . " I personally think that in the very early stages of your career , unless you 're extraordinarily entrepreneurial , joining a large institution that has a graduate program , it 's probably the best thing you can possibly do , " he said . In short , after three years you will have made a lot of money and gone through a very structured program , which taught you technical skills around the industry . Ford says it 's also good practice to learn how to behave in an office . Moreover , you 'll be better equipped to take risks . " The world of constant change is only going to accelerate , it 's not like the opportunities wo n't be here in three years time , " Ford said . " And you 'll probably be better prepared for them when you ' ve done that . " When Ford worked in strategy for a major bank , it was very much a case of making small changes and having more or less a certainty of the outcome . When he started up Funding Options , he quickly worked out that the vast majority of what he thought to be true turned out not to be . " I did customer surveys , I did desktop research , all these expert skills I learned at large institutions , " he said . " Every piece of desktop research told me something was a great opportunity , then when I tried it in the real world , it failed miserably . " According to Ford , no business plan will survive the first contact with a customer . So there 's no point worrying about making something perfect the first time around . " To survive and to make a startup work , you need to be like a motor boat , " he said . " You need to take advantage of the fact you can whiz around and change course . You do n't have that inherent momentum [ like a bank ] but you can afford to get it wrong . So getting it wrong and failing fast is really important . " At a bank , Ford says he could work for endless amounts of time on a project . When starting up Funding Options , the team worked for about a year before releasing it to the public , only for it to fail . In hindsight , Ford says he could have learned just as much if they had launched on day one . " It was just learning the brutally hard way with other people 's money and wasting a year of my life , " he said . " You have to be fast and agile . That was the biggest challenge for me . " Conrad Ford in the Funding Options office . Funding Options Funding Options has seen a 14-fold increase in revenues over the past couple of years . Ford puts this down to not raising too much money too early on in its genesis . " I ' m kind of glad that I did n't immediately raise lots of money early on , because I would have taken just as long to learn some stuff , and spent a lot of other people 's money along the way , " he said . Also , when a company raises a lot of money , the team generally grows along with it . Funding Options is currently at about 25 employees , and Ford likes it this way because it means there are no politics or back - stabbings going on . He calls it the company 's " strict no d***heads policy . " Ford says he found a resilience in himself he ever knew he had when starting Funding Options . In the first two or three tough years , when things were n't going to plan , he discovered how to deal with the things that are -- in the startup world -- a matter of life or death . " Nothing can prepare you for not being sure whether you can pay your staff the next day , " Ford said . " Or not being sure if that funding round is going to close , then literally you 're down to you last PS5000 or whatever it might be in the bank account . " He says he asks people that want to join the company whether they are psychologically happy with treating a job at a startup like it 's temporary . Working at a startup may sound glamorous , but it 's also a massive risk that you need to be prepared for . Things are going well for Funding Options right now , but Ford often thinks about all the things that could still fail . " I ' ve never lost the view of the world that says one day I ' m going to wake up and something is going to go fundamentally wrong , " he said . " I think it 's stupid to get complacent . " Fintech is n't something that appeared out of nowhere . There was a time when ATMs did n't exist , and when they came out they were massively innovative . Ford says fintech has always been around , but the rate of its evolution has accelerated recently . When the next big thing comes along , Ford is confident that Funding Options will be able to adapt to it . " We 're still small and scrappy enough that we 're still used to things going wrong , " he said . " I do n't think there 's something that 's going to happen that quickly that we ca n't respond to it . We are a technology company , there 's nothing technological we could n't do . "
Business Insider / Sam SheadApple 's mysterious office in Berlin has been located by Business Insider . The discrete office is on the second floor of Markgrafenstrasse 34 , which overlooks the famous Gendarmenmarkt square in the centre of Berlin . The office , which Apple has never publicly confirmed the existence of , was linked to the highly secretive Apple Car project last April and its location has been a mystery until now . There are no Apple logos to be seen but the company does have its name next to a tiny buzzer outside the building 's main door . Apple did not respond to Business Insider 's request for comment . It was n't easy and it 's taken several months of asking around . Apple did not respond to us on several occasions and more than a dozen Berliners working in the city 's tech industry said they had no idea that Apple had an office in the city when Business Insider asked them about it . Google Maps Eventually , a source in the Berlin startup scene told us that Apple has an office near Gendarmenmarkt -- arguably Berlin 's most magnificent square -- but they declined to give us the exact address . They did , however , give us one more clue by saying it was close to Einstein Kaffee , which is a coffee shop on the corner of Gendarmenmarkt . When we visited Einstein Kaffee on Tuesday , a barrista told us that the Apple office was next door on the second floor . Apple 's name and logo are missing from the second floor slot on the sign in the window but the company does have its name next to a little door buzzer that 's easy to miss . Gendarmenmarkt square is home to the Konzerthaus ( concert hall ) and the French and German churches . Wikimedia Commons No sign of Apple on this sign . Business Insider / Sam Shead We asked a man leaving the building if Apple was indeed inside and he confirmed that the tech giant quietly moved in around a year ago . He said he was n't sure how many people Apple had in the office because the elevators only take people to the floor that their key cards have access to . We then called Apple 's camera - equipped buzzer three times but got no answer . As we stood outside , blinds were lowered over the windows of the Apple office , possibly to prevent us photographing any confidential company information that may have been visible on the walls inside . The Apple buzzer . Business Insider / Sam Shead It 's all a bit of a mystery but it 's possible to make some educated guesses based on previous reports . Last April , a report from German publication Frankfurter Allgemeine said " Apple is running a secret laboratory for the development of an automobile -- and this in the middle of Berlin . " At the time , the report said the laboratory was reportedly home to 15 - 20 staff with backgrounds in engineering , software , hardware , and sales . LinkedIn suggests that Apple has 168 people working in the " Berlin area . " Many of these employees work in the Apple Store in Kurfurstendam but LinkedIn shows that Apple has dozens of engineers working in Berlin as well . Mapping is one area where Apple seems to be focusing its engineering efforts in Berlin . The company has hired at least half a dozen employees from automotive mapping company Here -- owned by Audi , BMW , and Daimler -- for a Berlin - based Apple Maps team . A source , who wished to remain anonymous , told Business Insider last April that Apple strategically moved in on Here 's talent as the mapping company was passed from Nokia to the German automotive group . " It 's a simple story : Here was in disarray after Microsoft 's acquisition of Nokia , " said the source , who works in the Berlin tech scene . " Apple saw the opportunity and opened an office in Berlin , specifically to siphon Geo Information Systems ( GIS ) talent . " The source said they did not know where the Apple office was when we asked them . A concept Apple Car . Motor Trend Apple has never admitted that it is working on an electric car but the company has recruited dozens of automotive experts from companies like Ford and Mercedes - Benz , according to The Financial Times . Apple 's self - driving car efforts are known internally as " Project Titan . " They have been the subject of rumours and speculation for years , and Apple 's focus is now believed to be on building autonomous software rather than an entire vehicle . There may be hundreds of of people working on the project . At one point , former Ford engineer Steve Zadesky , who helped build the iPhone , and Johann Jungwirth , who was Mercedes Benz 's R&D chief , were both working for Apple . Documents obtained by Business Insider earlier this month gave us a first look at this technology , which is " capable of sending electronic commands for steering , accelerating , and decelerating and may carry out portions of the dynamic driving task . " Human drivers remain in the vehicle when the self - driving mode is engaged , and can override it at any time . Apple CEO Tim Cook visited BMW 's German headquarters in 2014 , according to a Reuters report last January , which also stated that senior Apple executives went on a tour of BMW 's Leipzig factory to learn how it manufactures the i3 electric car . Silicon Valley heavyweights like Google and Uber are carrying out their own research into autonomous cars , as are many of the traditional car manufacturers , including BMW , Daimler , and Volkswagen .
TransferWise CEO Taavet Hinrikus . Jan Haas / DPA / PA Images LONDON -- Online money transfer business TransferWise says it is on track for revenues of PS100 million ( $ 128.97 million ) this year and is profitable on an operational basis . In a business update on Wednesday , the closely - watched startup said it is currently doing PS8 million a month in revenue and should hit PS100 million in total this year . Revenues grew by 150% last year , the company said . That would suggest revenues of close to PS69 million in the year to March 2017 , as TransferWise had a turnover of PS27.8 million in the year to March 2016 . Founded in 2011 , London - headquartered TransferWise lets people send money overseas online . It has built its brand around being cheap and easy , leaving banks playing catch up . The company moves over PS1 billion across its platform each month and has over 1 million customers . TransferWise says it expects to add another 1 million customers this year . CEO and cofounder Taavet Hinrikus says in an emailed statement : " We 're building one of the few new global financial services brands that are coming out now . It 's hard to build a 10x better product , go to market and build your own brand ; that 's why you see a lot of co - operation between banks and fintechs . " To have hit break - even just six years on from launch shows how strong the foundations of our business are . This is just the starting point . With the unique platform we ' ve built , we 're looking forward to creating a new kind of financial services for the future . " TransferWise is one of London 's few " unicorns " -- private tech companies worth over $ 1 billion . The business was reportedly valued at $ 1.1 billion in a $ 26 million funding round last May. TransferWise currently employs 700 people in 9 offices around the world , recently launching an Asian hub in Singapore . The company says it has a 10% share of the international money transfer market in the UK and lets customers send money on over 750 routes . The business update comes amid increasing competition in the online money transfer market . London foreign exchange startup Revolut recently announced it would offer free international transfers of up to PS5,000 a month , saying in a press release that the offer is " to challenge TransferWise . " ( The move raised eyebrows in the tech community given that both companies share an investor -- Index Ventures . )
For years , the NFL has had to own up to accusations of unsafe play . With retired players developing the symptoms of CTE and the increased amount of injuries to current players , the future of football is constantly in flux . The NFL understands that safety is a serious problem . Unfortunately , they do n't know how to fix it . Fortunately , they ' ve enlisted the help of three startups to develop safety technology for players in the future . " We think technology is our friend , " said Commissioner Roger Goodell during a roundtable discussion . " Technology is going to help solve these complex problems for us . " At the league 's second annual 1st and Future event at the Texas Medical Center Innovation Institute , the NFL took a step forward in their commitment to protecting their players by funding three startups that are focused on a wide range of safety concerns . They competed with a number of other startups in hopes of locking down the $ 50,000 prize for the NFL . " I think what captivated the judges and grabbed our interest is these are translational ideas , " said Jeff Miller , the NFL 's executive vice president for health and safety initiatives . " You can imagine these things being on a field of play , whether at the NFL level or at lower levels of our sport relatively quickly . " The three startups that came away with the funding address everything from on - field communication to innovative padding systems to protect players . Check them out below and keep an eye out for this revolutionary tech on the gridiron next season . This startup created the only playmaking technology that combines intelligent software and on - field wearable products to enhance practice for high school , college , and professional football teams . This company designs , markets and distributes motorized tackling dummies , or " virtual players , " that reduce the risk of getting injured while tackling during practice . This startup , led by former NFL cornerback Shawn Springs , developed a padding system designed to absorb and disperse impact energy to improve the performance of helmets and other protective gear . Photo : Flickr / Keith Allison
Europe has a long history of fashion and design , and with the adoption of new technologies , more and more exciting fashion tech startups are entering that space . In a way , fashion related tech startups have already changed the traditional relationships between consumers and brands and pushed the boundaries of traditional ways of thinking about fashion . As technological innovation continues to change the fashion world in different ways , many European startups have shown potential to disrupt our shopping habits and alter the way we do shopping . Here are 10 companies with the potential to shake the fashion industry : Chic by Choice - Winner of the Best fashion startup award at the The Europas Startup Conference and Awards in 2016 , Chic by Choice is one - of - a - kind hire destination which allows women to access designer dresses , straight from the catwalks . Described as Uber for clothes , Chic by Choice 's idea is to make garments from some of the world 's best brands available on a short - term basis , at a fraction of the cost of buying , coupled with an efficient delivery service and excellent discount prices . Founded in 2014 , Chic by Choice now operates offices in London and Lisbon and ships to more than 15 European markets , including the major fashion centers of the UK , Germany , France and Italy offering a selection of more than 40 designers . Showroom - Founded in 2012 , Showrom is a Warsaw - based e - commerce platform , allowing customers to have access to clothing from numerous independent fashion designers , based in and around Central and Eastern Europe . The marketplace allows designers to upload photos and post descriptions of the items themselves and consumers can then buy straight from the designers , after each item has been approved by an experienced team . The brand has established itself as an important sales channel for independent fashion designers and today over 500 carefully selected designers with 25.000 products are selling via the platform . Mysprezz - Often described as " Tinder for fashion " , MySprezz is the first app to instantly suggest the best looks for fashion inspiration based on your style and the weather . Launched in September 2016 , this e - commerce is all about personalized fashion inspiration . It aims to help users dress better and shop smarter by allowing to swipe through personalised looks based on their profile ( gender , style , budget , wardrobe , calendar and weather ) with the possibility of shopping all the clothes , shoes and accessories of the looks they like . Famous brands such as Asos , Topshop , Farfetch , Mytheresa are already included in the system , along with 400 other brands . Fitle - Founded in 2013 and headquartered in Paris , Fitle is a french startup which offers virtual fitting technology for shopping clothes online . Started out as a kickstarter campaign , Fitle offers thousands of pieces of clothing , sorted by relevance and based on your style and need . In addition , Fitle offers the possibility to virtually try them on using your own customized avatar . Fitle relies on a large R&D team of more than twenty people and on the largest body database on the market . Used by 3 + millions users and encompassing over 200 + brands and e - commerce sites , fitle is close to revolutionising a online fashion industry . Thread - The Y Combinator alumni helps users make sense of the world of fashion by matching them up with their own personal stylist through its platform . Eight human personal stylists are currently helping men find a new image , dress well , or simply sort out their clothes shopping . Very easy to use : You join the site , take a style questionnaire and upload photos of yourself . A stylist then reviews your information and , supported by Thread 's algorithms , the site generates style recommendations personalised for you , claiming to take into account over 50 elements of style , from eye colour and body shape to brand , fit , and fabric . The unique personal shopping experience of the London - based startup has already attracted over 500,000 male shoppers . Stylect - A Tinder - esque mobile app that helps women purchase their perfect shoes . By swiping left or right , users pick their choices from multiple websites and based on users ' preferences , the app recommends your next possible purchase . Exclusively targeted at the female market Stylect allows a 99% female user base to browse through tens of thousands of pairs of shoes , keep tabs on the pairs they like , make purchases , and receive information about special offers , price reductions or nearby stores where the shoes are available . It 's incredibly addictive , and not only for Carrie Bradshaw 's fans . Stylect is based in London and took part in the Oxygen accelerator . Endeer - Given the fact that 80 - 85% of women are currently wearing the wrong size bra , Endeer is exploiting the customization aspects offered through 3D printing technologies to provide better bra buying experience . Using state - of - the - art technology , this startup creates made - to - measure , 3D - printed removable pads that can be used with bras made by partner brands . In other words , their software and hardware approach is focused only on the pragmatic problems women face in standardized models , enabling brands to better respond to customer needs and provide customized solutions . Claiming their mission as empowering every woman in a bra that fits , Endeer might be the future of lingerie . The French startup was founded in 2016 . De Rigueur - De Rigueur is a Lyon - based startup that combines know - how in leather and technological innovation with the aim of introducing a new category of hybrid goods . Winner of the CES Innovation Award 2016 for its product Connected Sleeve , a wireless and elegant charging solution for smartphones . With its integrated 7,000 milliamp hour battery , this unique practical wallet works by electromagnetic induction , eliminating the need for cables and optimising energy consumption with patented hardware and embedded software . The product is currently available only in womens category . Lesara - The Berlin - based e - commerce company offers their customers the latest fashion and lifestyle products daily at the best prices . Relying strictly on automated and real - time analytics to discover the specific style trends demanded by individual consumer , Lesara has become the leading online retailer for fashion and lifestyle merchandise at best prices . Awarded for Europe 's fastest growing tech startup in 2016 , it now operates in 23 countries , over 200 employees , with production of their own clothing in factories in China and photography studio in Hong Kong , has a customer base of over one million and is an innovative pioneer in the field of Agile Retail . Asap54 - Decribed as Shazam for clothes , Asap54 is a startup with a fashion search and discovery app that lets users upload pictures of anything that inspires them and receive shoppable suggestions from the app . They combine a social fashion community with the latest visual recognition technology , for example users can also follow friends and style muses to discover their fashion searches and the app also provides a personal styling function whereby a team of experts will help users hunt down the items they desire . The London - based startup has already attracted more than 8 m in investment and is slowly turning into google for fashion products . SP
Cybersecurity is on the minds of most businesses today , but there 's one area where companies often screw up : failing to protect their key executives when they 're on the move . In today 's environment , there are an abundance of well - funded and sophisticated hacking groups out there , many with nation - state or organized crime affiliations and interests , who are looking for any way possible to defraud or steal information from American business interests . Like any other criminal , hackers look for weaknesses in the security perimeter before they attack -- and often , that sweet spot is to be found in the personal security of key company figures . One example is " Darkhotel , " the Korean - speaking hacking group that targeted countless business executives via hotel Wi - Fi from 2010 to 2015 . As a former Secret Service agent , it was my job to protect the President from both physical and digital attacks . ( Few realize this , but the USSS was one of the first federal agencies to develop a strong cyber defense and intelligence unit . ) From a cyber standpoint , this meant implementing a robust security perimeter around the President 's personal devices and communications ( e.g. stripping down the phone , limiting access , multiple layers of encryption , constant monitoring and defense ) , particularly when the President was outside of the White House . Businesses , from startups to Fortune 500s , need to adopt a similar mindset when it comes to their own commanders - in - chief , because cyber attacks are a low - cost , low - risk way to steal intellectual property , business intelligence and ultimately the company 's money -- and the C - suite ( along with other key figures , like a head engineer or programmer ) is definitely a focal point for criminals . Consider these statistics : No business can be fully secure unless it is taking ample steps to protect the digital assets of its leadership . Here are six steps to take : Only a small , select group of people should be allowed to email key executives ; all other addresses should be blocked . Known as email " whitelisting , " this greatly reduces the risk of phishing attacks on the executive . Additionally , use strong anti - malware and anti - phishing solutions to boost the executive 's email security . Every VIP should be protected by multiple layers of encryption . This acts as a fail - safe in the event that an attacker breaks through the other defenses . Every device that connects to Wi - Fi ( phone , tablet , laptop , desktop ) must have a VPN , or virtual private network , which will encrypt all data in transit . Next , a full - disk or file encryption program should be used to secure data that is stored on these devices . Limit the executive 's communications to encrypted channels only , like PGP for email , or encrypted communications like Wickr Pro . All web sessions need to be done over HTTPS ( SSL / TLS encryption ) ; there are browser plugins like EFF 's HTTPS Everywhere that will force a secure connection on every website . Just as the U.S. President uses a smartphone with very limited functionality , a business executive 's phone should also be stripped down as much as possible , with only essential functionality as needed . The more boring it is , the better . That means eliminating all non - essential apps , especially games , scaling back the phone 's connectivity options by disabling Bluetooth , disabling Wi - Fi auto - connect and turning off geolocation sharing for all apps ( with the exception of " Find My Phone " ) . Social media can also pose a risk , but if your business depends on using it , at the very least make sure geolocation data is turned off in the app ( there are online tools that can track a user based on this data ) and be careful about oversharing , as sensitive information can be used against executives and employees in social engineering attacks . Also , use public Wi - Fi sparingly , even when a VPN is utilized . Executives are most at risk when traveling overseas , particularly to countries like China and Russia . When making these trips , it 's important to be a little paranoid . Burner devices , or " phones to go , " are an effective way of reducing the risk from compromised devices . This is n't cheap , but it 's worth the investment and inconvenience . Malware and man - in - the - middle ( MiTM ) attacks are more likely during foreign stays , so by putting aside the phone or laptop after a trip , the executive will prevent an infected device from getting " behind the firewall " after he or she returns . It 's also important to have a remote lock / erase feature installed on all devices in case they are lost or stolen . Home offices can be an easy target for hackers , since they are likely to have less security than the corporate office . At a minimum , make sure a robust firewall and antivirus / anti - malware agents have been installed . Also , keep all devices ( laptop , desktop , server , Wi - Fi router ) fully updated on software / firmware settings , security patches , etc . SP Next , reduce the attack surface on the laptop or desktop by disabling Java , JavaScript and ActiveX , or by adding script - blocking plugins . Set up application whitelisting so that only pre - approved applications and processes can run on these machines . Eliminate Wi - Fi as much as possible by using an ethernet cable instead . It 's also wise to have two internet lines -- one for the family and one exclusively for the executive . Use an outbound firewall to block any malware or malicious programs that do sneak in from being able to connect to the internet . DNS security tools ( such as OpenDNS ) will further protect the internet connection and block malicious or suspect domains . Most executives have -- or will have -- " smart " devices in their homes , in addition to connected cars , wearables and other internet of things products . These complicate the security picture , as many IoT products have been found to be vulnerable to hackers . Limit IoT usage to only well established , trusted brands with a proven track record of security . Avoid installing IoT apps on the work phone . Also , keep these devices off the executive 's home Wi - Fi network -- if you have two internet lines installed , relegate them to the all - purpose / family network . An executive 's personal security can be the Achilles ' heel of any company , from startup to Fortune 500 , so it 's critical to implement a defense - in - depth approach that will keep their digital assets safe . Larry Johnson is chief strategy officer of CyberSponse , a Washington , D.C .- based cyber incident response company serving Fortune 500s and government agencies . He is a 24-year veteran of the Secret Service , where he served as a hig ...
EIT Digital and Mind the Bridge are currently co - organising the 3rd edition of Startup Europe comes to Silicon Valley ( SEC2SV)--the premier programme for future European startup unicorns to engage with key US industry players . The annual event brings together EU policy makers and 15 of the fastest growing European scaleups to meet Silicon Valley stakeholders during a highly interactive week of local presentations and meetings . Taking place in the San Francisco Bay Area each September , the event provides a unique networking space for breakthrough European companies to explore sales , funding and collaboration opportunities . The two - way exchange provides European businesses with the contacts and insights they need to scale up on the other side of the Atlantic and at the same time keeps Silicon Valley abreast of the increasingly dynamic European startup ecosystem . European scaleups can apply until May 31st . To be considered , scaleups must have had at least 10 employees three years ago as well as demonstrable growth of over 20% year - over - year in revenue , employees , or user - base . Find out more and apply now ! Speaking about co - organising this event with Mind the Bridge , EIT Digital 's CEO Willem Jonker said : " We 're delighted to be working with Mind the Bridge for the third year in a row to deliver what has become a focal point for the entrepreneurial communities across two continents . For us it 's about encouraging mobility - our job is to create the right opportunities to help European scaleups grow and break into new markets including the USA . There can be no better example for this purpose than SEC2SV . " Marco Marinucci , CEO and founder of Mind the Bridge commented : " The current wave of development of digital technologies has the potential to disrupt industries that are at the very core of our economies and democracies . Platforms like SEC2SV , now at its 3rd edition , can become the middle ground where these discussions can take place early in the game . An open discussion with policy makers is absolutely necessary and we 're ready to welcome all the major players in September . " EIT Digital is the leading European open innovation organisation . The mission of EIT Digital is to foster digital technology innovation and entrepreneurial talent for economic growth and quality of life in Europe . Mind the Bridge is a global organization dedicated to promoting and supporting successful entrepreneurial ecosystems across the world . In 2014 , Mind the Bridge was selected by the European Commission to lead the Startup Europe Partnership , and today the company serves global corporations ' appetite for innovation around the world . Below you 'll find some video material from previous editions of SEC2SV : SP
Authors and social networks are a natural fit . After all they both live off of a steady stream of words . Even before the digital networks existed , authors relied on the old - school network of snail mail . HP Lovecraft famously loved responding to fan mail . When the internet rolled around , FanFiction.net soon captured millions of fiction - writing fans . Now , the mobile era is upon us , and fiction writers are finding new ways to publish their works one chapter at a time . Along with Wattpad and Medium , Sweek is an example of the type of international networking app that young digital - savvy writers are turning to adopt . Following its pilot launch in June 2016 , the Netherlands - based Sweek has reached over 75 countries and brought together thousands of users who share stories -- fiction and non - fiction alike -- in over 10 languages . I had a candid chat with Sweek cofounder and marketing manager Sabine van der Plas in the privately owned startup 's origins , its growth strategy , its revenue model and more . Here 's the Q&A , which has been condensed and edited for clarity . All of the Sweek cofounders were involved in Mybestseller , the leading self - publishing platform in the Netherland . Peter Paul van Bekkum is the CEO of both Sweek and Mybestseller . Next to operating its own brands , Mybestseller also created over 40 private labels for publishers , bookstores and various other parties . Following the latest market developments , we all saw mobile publishing as the next strategic step for Mybestseller , since mobile and self - publishing have a lot of synergies . In essence , Sweek is a global - free mobile platform which allows anyone to read , write and share stories . On Sweek you can find stories of both upcoming writers and established top authors , in all genres , to be read online and offline . Sweek makes reading and writing social , with authors being able to reach their readers with just one click , and brings stories to the pocket - sized device that we carry everywhere . Sweek beta - launched with an Android application in June 2016 , followed by the official launch on all the platforms in October 2016 . Since then , over 75.000 users have registered on Sweek and created more than 12.000 stories . We find our audience via WOM , social media reach , blogger and community collaborations , writing competitions and much more . Next to enthusiastic readers , our audience consists of young aspiring writers whose goal is to connect with the community and to join our writing competitions , but we 're also getting the interest of top authors who are using Sweek to reach to the smartphone generation who do not visit the bookstore any more . Our main markets are Latin America , the Netherlands , Germany , Turkey , India and generally English - speaking countries . We saw a gap for a platform with a clear , user - friendly experience with a diverse set of content in all genres , from both established and aspiring authors . We are also focusing on establishing partnerships with traditional publishers . For instance , currently we have a writing competition on Sweek in collaboration with Ravensburger , where YA writers have a chance of winning an e - book publishing contract . What you see is a leading traditional publisher partnering up with a relatively new mobile platform in order to discover talent . We also have the ' top author ' category , where published authors are easily discovered . We also differentiate ourselves with our Sweek self - publishing platform which none of the existing competitors have . Sweek authors can publish their digital work , for free , into an e - book , paperback or hardcover and sell their books worldwide . They start earning from the first copy sold . The fanbase the authors build on Sweek is for sure interested in having a physical copy of the story . We currently print in Europe , but in a few months we 'll also have a POD network established in Latin America and India . Sweek is free to all the users , and our first priority is to grow the community . We share the margin per sold copy of the Sweek self - publishing platforms and we have a range of revenue models ready for the future , including big data , native advertising and possibly premium subscription models . You can dive into the top authors list in some languages - with quality content of bestselling and published authors - or you can check out the editor 's picks in the featured lists . Next to that you can filter categories and see popular and new stories . Or you can browse stories with a certain tag . Behind the scenes we 're working on a ' suggested readings ' algorithm that will show stories tailored to your demographics as well as reading preferences . One of my favorite stories on Sweek is ' Finding Kelly Strattan ' , a superb psych thriller that won the ' Write Your 2017 ' competition . The winner never published anything publicly , although she was writing since a very young age , and this was the first time . We think this is a great example of how Sweek inspires and encourages people to write more . We 're looking forward to seeing our Ravensburger writing competition evolve further . On short notice we 're organizing similar competitions with publishers ( whose names we ca n't mention yet ) as well as collaborations with global writing schools . Keep a close eye on Sweek to see new top authors popping up who are sharing their short stories , columns , exclusive previews and sometimes even complete books . We also believe in serialized writing and will experiment with it in the near future . Read more about emerging startups at Tech . Co .
Investing in startups is a risky business when up to 90 percent of them are destined to fail . Industry analysts like Forrester and Gartner are reaping the benefits , attracting clients from 71 and 74 percent of the Global 500 respectively to their expert insights and market research reports such as the Magic Quadrant . But their foothold could face a new threat in the near future from an emerging disruptor known as GrowthEnabler . The company has devised a series of algorithms that they claim identify the world 's most innovative and valuable startups from a wide range technologies , sectors , and locations . GrowthEnabler was founded in 2015 by ex - Gartner executives Aftab Malhotra and Rajeev Banduni . The two had spent almost a decade at the firm when they decided to use their knowledge to start investing in companies . Their stints working with big companies as both advisors and investors convinced the duo that they had discovered a huge business opportunity . " We realised that these guys were struggling to really identify the next big technology disruption in the startup economy , " chief growth officer Malhotra remembers . " The reason they were struggling was because most of the big research companies out there , like Gartner , Forester , IDC were studying organisations that were more developed and more mature . " As the established technology analysts were n't providing the insights on disruption , Malhotra and Banduni teamed up to do it instead , with a new disruptive venture replacing opinions with automation to identify and score the right startup to invest in . Algorithmic analysis Startups tend to lack the comprehensive information available on listed companies due to the inherent uncertainty of their data . The GrowthEnabler platform is designed to clean up this information . The companies are organised into early - stage , mid - stage , and late - stage startups and then analysed by predefined algorithms that cover thirty parameters across five separate categories : product innovation , business traction , financial strength , leadership and social media and branding . The algorithms encompass both quantitative and qualitative data , applying data mechanisms to the latter to standardise subjective values . Leadership is evaluated by culling data about the background of the founders , including the previous positions and organisations where they worked . A matching engine assesses the level of relevance to the job at the new company . The greater the match between the two roles , the higher the higher chance of the expertise being of value . It also analyses educational background , feeding Forbes and Footsie rating mechanisms back into the platform . Product innovation review benchmarks including patent applications filed by the founders that demonstrate their credibility , while business traction looks at the books through sources such as Companies House . The social media and branding category assesses startups on their media mentions , awards , and social media traction . It covers activity and reach on Facebook and Twitter , engagement and interactions with prominent VCs and any awards won both domestically and internationally . Financial strength is determined through financial data on funding rounds and investment raised from different databases . The SP information is then validated through multiple sources " There about 40,000 high - grade , mid - grade and low - grade investors that we built a list of , and we ' ve tiered them , " says Malhotra . " We try to trawl their website as well as validation of the information . " The results are combined to provide a relative score on the overall value of the startup . The company had previously predominately used a mixture of open source technology but is now increasingly incorporating its own custom creations . " We 're trying to make everything as proprietary and in - house as possible , simply because of security protection and also the venture capital groups like that in terms of our future growth , " says Malhotra . " They like things that we created ourselves . " The business model Dozens of FTSE 100 businesses currently subscribe to the GrowthEnabler service , but Malhotra is reluctant to reveal their names at this point . SP " Our model is unique . It 's not just a platform , it 's a hybrid service , " he says . " You buy the platform but there 's a layer of advisory built into it . " The advisory layer of regular meetings with a seasoned analyst is meshed into the product to add a layer of protection for bigger decisions . Malhotra admits that some of the startups featured were initially concerned about how they would rank but now see the platform as a free business opportunity rather than a potential threat to their reputation . " With every startup today if you ask them what 's the one thing you could have more of , it would be visibility , " he explains . " They need money , but not infinite amounts of it , but they need visibility and that 's hard . The index is a credible way of getting visibility because someone else is endorsing them aside from themselves . " A feature called Connect Up acts as a dating agency for corporations to engage with startups after reviewing their profile through a notification system . Another offering called Product Source set for release in three months ' time will help C - level executives search solutions to their specific challenges from credible alternatives to tier one companies by analysing their ratings or requesting their suggestions . If a company was losing millions of dollars a year on its supply chain , for example , and wanted software that could optimise warehousing , it could handpick companies it was interested in and automatically feed the challenge to them . It could then analyse their response before deciding whether it was worth further discussion . Future plans The company covers all technology areas , but currently the core strengths are in the areas they ' ve studied in greatest depth , such as the Internet of Things , where a comprehensive report was recently published , and AI , the subject of the next one . Eventually their capacity will fully expand across every sector of the ecosystem . " The vision that we have here is that this platform is a one of a kind , to the extent that it becomes the most trusted and essential resource you go to try and better understand the idiosyncrasies of the startup economy , " Malhotra explains . " It starts with the fundamentals of indexes , scoring , transparency , and consistency that we 're trying to bring , and then it evolves into intelligence and various other things . And as part of that comes this idea that if I ' m someone in the financial services sector , I want to know about startups that could disrupt me in the financial sector across multiple technology areas : AI , AR , VR , or big data , for example . " If I am , on the other hand , in the logistics sector , then I want to know about any company who could crush my warehousing and logistics supply chain and I do n't want to be destroyed by Amazon in the future . I want to be well aware of this and I want to think 10 steps ahead . " We ' ve organised our 500,000 startups that we 're analysing across 15 technology areas and 20 technology sectors . We 're basically saying , no matter where you sit we 'll give you a service that 's going to be effective . "
Internet giant , Google has opened applications for its Launchpad Start programme which aims to empower innovative SMEs . The week - long bootcamp will see 20 startups participating in the programme , taking place in partnership with JoziHub from 27 to 31 March 2017 . The Launchpad programme will focus on various subjects including UX and UI , product strategy , technology , business development , marketing and presentation skills . Each day of the programme will focus on a different subject and will include one - on - one mentorship , presentations and various amount of technical work . According to Google , there will be no fee for startups selected to be a part of Launchpad Start . Google will also provide travel support for startups coming from out of town if they are selected . Applications for the bootcamp closes on 24 February 2017 . SP
Cape startup Property Fox may have saved South Africans R5-million in estate - agent commissions since launching in April last year , but their disruptive online model is stirring up a storm in the local property market . The company only charges customers 1.5% in sales commission -- significantly lower than the 5% to 7.5% of the selling price that estate agents usually charge . What has irked some agents is that the company allows a buyer and seller can communicate on the positives and negatives of the property before a sale is concluded . " Traditional agents always say to you ' do n't let the buyer meet the seller because there 's so much emotion attached to the sale ' . Our first sale happened because the buyer met the seller , " says Crispin Inglis , who founded the company with and Ashley James . Casting off any doubts that the company is sidestepping any rules , Inglis says the company is fully compliant with the respective legislation . " We fall under ( the law ) the same way estate agents do ... we always knew that as a disruptor we 'd need to be fully compliant , " said Inglis . Yet despite becoming compliant , Inglis says the company has remained concerned about whether potential customers might adapt to using their services to sell property online . " Our biggest achievement was a lovely lady who we were worried about would have difficulty using tech ... when she signed up with us she was able to sell it within a week , " said Inglis . But despite all the seemingly negatives that Property Fox faced , the company has managed to list 400 properties in its first year as well as generate R96-million in sales . This year alone Property Fox has managed to list 100 new properties with 30 sales across the country . Property Fox was funded in four equal parts by its founders as well as two silent shareholders to the value of R1 m . SP Wow ! SP Inspired by VR Headset tech to view properties . SP Nice One .
It 's safe to say that 2016 was the year of artificial intelligence . And while 2016 has come and gone , 2017 is n't going to stray from the AI path we 're on right now . This technology has penetrated nearly every conceivable sector , from finance and education to operations and service , and in a particularly interesting way , to sales . Depending on the report you read , somewhere between 50 - 70 percent of sales people do n't make their yearly quotas . That number is staggeringly high and suggests that there is an enormous amount of room in the average sales department for improving those outcomes . Part of the problem is that , while most sales teams already have all the data to close those deals faster stashed in their CRM , obtaining the intel can be rather challenging . In fact , according to research conducted by Attivio , only 23 percent of companies encourage the use of big data to make sales easier . Additionally , 37 percent of respondents mentioned that it may take a day or more to access the sources for the analytics and dig through all the data silos . Hiring data scientists to do the digging for you seems like the obvious decision in this case . However , 66 percent of the same survey respondents mentioned that hiring a professional is extremely challenging . For startups , the cost of having an in - house employee may be rather high as well . That 's exactly where artificial intelligence could play a great role . Earlier this year , Salesforce has created some hype after announcing their new AI - powered CRM add - on , nicknamed Einstein , that would deliver better insights to the sales , marketing and customer support teams . The app will also deliver smart recommendations and predictions based on the advanced machine learning algorithms . Salesforce , however , is n't the only sales platform harnessing the power of artificial intelligence . Base CRM has recently launched another tool called Apollo , which also acts as a smart big data advisor and automatically delivers better insights about your customer base . People.ai has taken another approach and built a productivity platform for sales managers , which delivers actionable insights on how to improve the teams performance , highlight what strategies are working , and advise on what to ditch . In addition , SaaS Co. has just received $ 800,000 in Seed funding to continue developing the first AI - driven sales assistant named LISA . As Tom Dietterich , a professor and director of Intelligent Systems at Oregon State University , previously stated : " Instead of AI systems replacing people in the workplace , each of us would have an AI assistant that we would train in our lives and the two of us , together , would be employed ... This is where we can see super - human performance coming from the combination of the human and the computer . " That 's exactly the case with sales . We should n't expect artificial intelligence to fully replace the human sales teams . But this technology can definitely leverage the efficiency and business decisions in multiple ways . It can be used to capture and refine data from external sources . For instance , IoT gadgets or on - premises iBeacons . In that case , we can obtain real - time details of customer buying behaviour . By sourcing and analyzing the data coming from different sales channels ( emails , calls , social media ) , the AI algorithms could provide the optimal personalized propositions for customers and compose the best marketing emails . In addition , personalization can be taken on a whole new level as well as razor sharp audience segmenting and smarter targeting . Artificial intelligence algorithms could even retrieve the best opportunities to improve customer satisfaction and deploy automatic up - sell and cross - sell strategies . While artificial intelligence can definitely help us optimize and organize piled data more effectively , it 's still not a magic pill for all your problems . AI - powered systems will have to be trained to make accurate predictions based on your historic data . But what if past insight are incomplete or incorrect ? Another important question we should be asking is how to establish trust between humans and AI - powered solutions . As Patrick Mankins noted : " Before self - driving cars can really take off , people will probably have to trust their cars to make complex , sometimes moral , decisions on their behalf , much like when another person is driving . " If we want a future where customer support and sales assistants get replaced by smart chatbots , we 'll have to work on building solutions that sound convincing , confident and can build up empathy . Right now , chatbots still need to learn that . But we are sure to have some great advances in this filed in 2017 .
After a wild week at SXSW , Tech . Co is getting settled back at home . And while we enjoyed warm weather , innovative entrepreneurs , and enough barbecue to fill us up , taking care of our readers is the most important thing . Fortunately , we had more stories than you could read , which is why we ' ve cultivated this short list of our top stories from the week . Take a look at the top stories below and Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here .
San Francisco County Supervisor Jane Kim addresses a crowd during a " Yes on Prop 61 " rally outside City Hall in 2016 . Josh Edelson / AP The tech industry collectively face - palmed when Trump 's treasury secretary said earlier this year that the threat of robots taking human jobs was " not even on our radar screen . " There is a growing evidence that robots and artificial intelligence could displace huge swaths of the American workforce in the next couple of decades , much sooner than the " 50 to 100 more years away " timeline that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he expects . In San Francisco , where robots already run food deliveries for Yelp 's Eat24 and make lattes at a mall coffee kiosk , one politician is working to ensure the city stays ahead of the curve . Supervisor Jane Kim is exploring a tax on robots as one solution to offset the economic devastation a robot - powered workforce might bring . Companies that use robots to perform tasks previously done by humans would pay the city . Those public funds might be used to help retrain workers who lose their jobs to robots or to finance a basic income initiative . Kim , one of 11 city supervisors in San Francisco , has been interviewing tech leaders , labor groups , and public policy experts in the hopes of creating a task force that will explore how a " robot tax " might be implemented . San Francisco would become the first city to create such a tax , after European lawmakers rejected a similar proposal in February . " We think that [ automation of work ] could be one of the bigger -- or biggest -- policy issues that will face us in , not the next 50 to 100 years , as Mnuchin said , but in the next five to 10 years . And I think that government needs to get ahead of the curve , " Kim tells Business Insider . A robotic arm handles a cup of coffee at automation - powered coffee kiosk Cafe X in San Francisco , California . Cafe X Technologies Kim learned the concept of a robot tax when Bill Gates called for one in an interview with Quartz . It struck a chord with the San Francisco politician , who represents some of the poorest and wealthiest residents across the Tenderloin , South of Market , Civic Center , Treasure Island , and several other neighborhoods . She hears of robots cropping up in hotels , hospitals , and even her local bar , and worries about how automation might deepen the income gap . A new study from research firm PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) estimates 38% of US jobs could be lost to automation by the early 2030s . Jobs that are repetitive and do not require human interaction -- like flipping burgers or making deliveries -- are likely to be the first to swap out people for robots . The disruption will hurt low - income earners first , Kim predicts . San Francisco has one of the highest levels of income inequality in the US , according to figures from the Brookings Institute . Sam Altman , president of startup accelerator Y Combinator , has said automation will bring " a change in the economy on the order of the Industrial Revolution or the Agricultural Revolution , where you see a huge amount of human jobs change in a very short period of time . " On - demand food delivery startup DoorDash relies on a fleet of six - wheeled couriers to make deliveries in Redwood City , California . Starship Technologies When Kim hears tech workers talk about automation , she says they often put a positive spin on the displacement . " No one 's going to have to work at McDonald 's anymore , " they tell her . " That wealth will accumulate among a very few due to automation , " she says . " [ So the question is , ] what do we do with that accumulated wealth that 's being distributed to fewer people ? " A robot tax could potentially give the city of San Francisco the ability to channel those savings into a fund that helps low - income workers make a living . The Office of Economic and Workforce Development already provides training in healthcare , hospitality , construction , and technology to residents who face barriers to employment , like a lack of higher education . The tax might also provide funds for a universal basic income experiment , such as the one currently underway in Oakland , California . The program gives roughly 100 families $ 2,000 a month to live on , and has racked up some impressive supporters from Silicon Valley . This is n't the first time a robot tax has been floated in the US . In 1940 , a US senator suggested a tax on machines to offset the unemployment they may cause . It was called an " economic monstrosity " that has " no chance whatsoever of congress [ sic ] ever enacting it into law . " A robot from startup Savioke makes a room - service delivery at a hotel in Silicon Valley . Savioke When Gates resurfaced the idea in February , internet commenters took to Twitter in protest . Most tech leaders have been quiet on the issue . The CEO of robotics startup Savioke , whose robots deliver fresh towels and coffee at hotels across the region , compared the tax to an " innovation penalty " in an editorial . Ulrich Spiesshofer of European automation - technology solutions company ABB Group also attacked the proposal in an interview with CNBC . " Taxing robotics is as intelligent as taxing software , " Spiesshofer said . " They are both productivity tools . You should not tax the tools , you should tax the outcome that 's coming . " Kim made clear that she is in the beginning stages of assembling a group that will explore solutions for automation . San Francisco is a long way from seeing a robot tax implemented . " I do think it 's important that we 're the city that looks at this issue , because we 're at the center of the technological revolution . We have access to so many academics , researchers , and tech companies that can help us brainstorm and think about this issue , " Kim says . " And why not ? DC 's not thinking about it . "
John Lewis and Waitrose have issued a final call for retail technology start - ups to enter its JLAB retail accelerator before the deadline at midnight on Sunday 30 April . Five to 10 finalists will be selected to join the 12-week programme and receive free workspace at the John Lewis or Waitrose headquarters , access to resources and growth support and the chance to apply for equity funding of up to PS100,000 from a PS200,000 pot . JLAB said this year 's accelerator has seen a record number of entries from across the globe and is looking for start - ups developing ideas in the following areas : John Vary , John Lewis Partnership innovation manager , said : " We ' ve had a tremendous amount of interest in JLAB 2017 and the diversity of companies has been truly remarkable . This is the first year that John Lewis and Waitrose have joined forces to launch this programme , and it 's a collaboration that has clearly resonated with startup communities around the world . " This level of access to two leading retailers represents an unprecedented opportunity , and I 'd strongly encourage entrepreneurs working in disruptive retail and food technology to get their applications in as soon as possible . "
( Photo via Shutterstock ) . SP Two years ago , in my article titled , " What President Obama 's immigration announcement means for tech companies and entrepreneurs , " I discussed the president 's executive actions on immigration that he 'd just announced at the time . The final piece of those executive actions has lead to an exciting new development that a new administration wo n't be able to dismantle -- at least not so easily . On Dec. 27 , the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) created a new set of standards for the little - used program known as the National Interest Waiver ( NIW ) , a green card option for exceptional foreign immigrants whose work is considered of national interest . And the revamped NIW has opened up a whole new avenue for some foreign entrepreneurs to also gain legal permanent status . The USCIS ' Administrative Appeals Office ( AAO ) issued a precedent decision in a case known as Matter of Dhansar . The decision is the logical next step to the Obama Administration 's new Entrepreneurial Parole program that will soon begin admitting foreign inventors and founders of startup companies into the U.S. on a temporary , case - by - case basis . Taken together , these policy changes are a huge development for foreign entrepreneurs who currently have few options to either enter the U.S. to tend to their companies or remain permanently to watch those companies grow . While other countries , including neighboring Canada , have been moving frantically to welcome immigrants and their business - generating ideas , efforts by Congress to create a startup visa , over the last seven years , have all failed . Entrepreneurial Parole and a revamped NIW , that seeks to meet the contemporary needs of business startup and development , are currently immigrant entrepreneurs ' best hope . Any immigration attorney who has worked to obtain NIW on a client 's behalf knows how difficult a standard it is to meet ; for entrepreneurs , it 's almost impossible . There 's no statutory definition of " national interest " and USCIS has relied on an AAO decision , from the 1998 Matter of New York State Department of Transportation case , for guidance in deciding such cases . The New York case sets forth a three - prong test , requiring that the area of employment be of " substantial intrinsic merit ; " proposed benefit from the person 's work be national in scope and that applicants demonstrate that the national interest would be harmed if the position had to open for recruitment . Under the new Dhansar standards , the overall focus shifts to the talent and value the foreign entrepreneur brings to the table , taking into account the person 's skills , experience and record of past success and future potential . There 's recognition of the kind of impact these inventors can have on the economy and clarifies that the " national in scope " test can allow for economic development in depressed areas of local communities . Additionally , unlike the previous law , in which we had to show that losing the applicant would harm the U.S. , we can now show that that person will be beneficial to the U.S. USCIS will evaluate each applicant 's background and work impact to see if it will be " impractical " to get a job offer and whether it is " sufficiently urgent " to waive evidence of recruitment efforts to fill the position . The new decision is much clearer and provides concrete examples of how the standards can be applied in individual cases . It is especially beneficial to startup founders and entrepreneurs , particularly those who will enter the U.S. in coming months under the new Entrepreneurial Parole . The decision will also help those who fall short of satisfying the criteria for an EB1 visa , which is available to outstanding researchers or professors as well as E2 investor visa holders who have long been hoping for a green - card option . Still , it is important to remember that immigration cases are never easy and we will continue to have to meet the high standards of NIW cases . But at a time when looming immigration news does n't fill us with much hope , this change is a major boost . And the winners here are n't just the entrepreneur , but the economy and those Americans who will benefit from the jobs this will generate .
Tune in June 28 and learn how to unlock the power of customer data in our free webinar . SP Register Now > > Despite nationwide venture funding hitting a multiyear low , venture capital deployed to artificial intelligence startups has reached a record high . Last year , VCs struck 658 deals with AI companies , nearly five times the number that signed on the dotted line four years before . To date , the market contains 2,045 AI startups and more than 17,000 market followers , with more joining by the day . AI 's rapid rise has swept up startups and enterprises alike , including U.S. automaker Ford , which recently bought AI startup Argo for $ 1 billion . The acquisition cements experts ' suspicions of Ford 's coming foray into self - driving technology . Other startups -- so many , in fact , that entrepreneurs need a " best of " guide -- are betting heavily on bot platforms . So while we ' ve just glimpsed the tip of this innovation iceberg , it 's clear AI is no longer some nebulous technology of the future . Sixty - eight percent of marketing executives , according to media research firm Weber Shandwick , report using AI in their operations . For a technology that only went mainstream in 2016 and barely existed four years ago , that 's a remarkable adoption rate . How , regardless of the platform you choose , can you join forward - thinking entrepreneurs and build your business with AI ? So far , four ways stand out : A politician would n't dream of delivering a small - town stump speech to her urban constituents . Why ? Because you ' ve got to know your audience . The same is true for entrepreneurs . Before you broadcast your message , you need to know who you 're trying to reach . Node , an account - based intelligence startup , uses natural language processing -- a fancy term for teaching a computer to understand how we humans speak and write -- to develop customer profiles . Node is crunching vast swaths of data to connect the dots between marketers and the companies they 're trying to reach . Once you have ample customer data -- Node uses data crawlers to scrape information from social media , news sites and more -- pair machine learning and natural language processing models to extract sentiments from unstructured data . Then , just as senators segment constituents into demographic groups , Node uses cluster analysis to sort clients ' customers into like cohorts . If , heaven forbid , you forgot to tag your neighbor at last week 's house party , Facebook was no doubt there to remind you of your error . How does Facebook know which of your friends you left untagged ? It has gone all - in on an AI technique called convolutional neural networks . Convolutional neural networks , which loosely model how the brain 's visual cortex interacts with the eyes , work by separating an image into tiny portions before running each of those specks through a multilayered filter . It then " sees " where each speck overlaps with other parts of the image , and through automated iterations , it puts together a full image . Many different ways exist to apply this technology , but retail businesses can start with image classification . Try using a convolutional neural network to break down photos of your products posted online . The model can identify customer segments that frequently use your product , where they 're using it and whether they commonly pair other products with yours . Essentially , this automated image analysis can show you how your products fit into customers ' lives , allowing you to tailor your marketing materials to fit . Success on social media requires careful listening and quick action . When a social campaign is n't working , it 's best to put it out of its misery quickly . On the other hand , when one strikes a chord with customers , doubling down pays dividends . But to do so , you need real - time insights about customers ' reactions to your content . Fortunately , AI can take the emotional temperature of thousands of customers at once . Dumbstruck , a video - testing and analytics startup that I advise , has added natural language processing to its emotional analytics stack . This allows it to provide moment - by - moment insights into viewers ' reactions to media . Dumbstruck 's model grows stronger with each reaction analyzed , producing a program that perceives human emotions even better than some people can . Customer service is -- or should be , according to consumers -- the department that never sleeps . More than half of people , 50.6 percent to be precise , believe a business should be available 24/7 to answer their every question and concern . When asked whether businesses should be available via a messaging app , the " yes " votes jump to nearly two in three . Fortunately , bots do n't sleep , eat or go off - script . A well - built bot can offer cost - effective , constant customer service . Of course , grooming your bot to serve customers requires front - end data -- ideally hundreds of thousands of example conversations -- but you can get started with a human - chatbot hybrid . With this approach , the bot answers run - of - the - mill questions , while a human takes over for the more complex ones . Then , as the data builds and the model matures , you can phase in full automation . Taco Bell , for example , knows taco cravings come at all times of night . Its TacoBot takes customer orders via Slack chat . Ticketmaster , a popular concert ticket provider , also offers an automated chat widget that informs users about new events and provides order details . Artificial intelligence is not just the stuff of Netflix shows and sci - fi paperbacks . Today , it 's as real as the customers it serves , the marketers it informs and the companies it scales . The intelligence may be artificial , but the results are absolutely not . Vince Lynch is the CEO of IV.AI , the world 's first artificial intelligence agency with its headquarters in Los Angeles , California . IV.AI 's machine learning experts , strategists , and creatives build customized neural networks , s ...
South African media company Media24 , has invested an undisclosed amount to acquire 10% of music streaming service NicheStreem . The service focuses on emerging markets and curated music solutions . The service is solely founded by Catherine Luckhoff , who was previously an Exco member of Silicon Cape , as well as chief business development officers and head of brand strategy at Bozza.mobi . Though Luckhoff could n't give us the exact amount that Media24 had invested , she did say NicheStreem is raising a US$ 1.5-million round on a US$ 3.5-million valuation , and 50% of that has been filled so far . NicheStream 's first and only product thus far , Liedjie , launched in 2016 as a dedicated Afrikaans music streaming service . To date , the service has over 40 000 music tracks , 1000 human curated playlists , and 11 000 registered users . It is available on Android and iOS for R49.99 per month and has cleared US$ 200 000 in combined B2B and B2C revenue thus far . " Media24 is constantly on the lookout for opportunities to provide an enriched and engaging user experience to the largest digital audience in the country , such as NicheStreem 's first product , Liedjie , which is aimed at the Afrikaans music streaming market , " says head of 24.com , Andreij Horn . Read more : Meet NicheStreem : SA 's curated streaming service for music lovers " As part of this , we invest in local teams and startups that are adjacent to our core . It 's early days , but we are excited about the partnership and the positive reaction it sees across our channels . " Ventureburn had a chance to speak to Luckhoff via email about the deal , NicheStreem , and its future . Ventureburn : How much was invested in the company when started and how was it funded ? Catherine Luckhof : NicheStreem raised $ 250k in angel funding from a combination of local and international angels in January 2015 and the team started full time on 1 March of the same year . Our seed round opened in November 2016 . We are raising $ 1.5-million . VB : How did the investment come about ? CL : Media24 reached out to us to learn more about Liedjie and explore whether there was any potential to collaborate . This led to a discussion about our funding requirements , the terms of the seed round we had opened and their potential involvement as a strategic partner . Media24 is committed to guaranteed media exposure to help drive user uptake for NicheStreem streams starting with Liedjie -- this will ultimately translate into a 10% stake in the company . VB : Who own the other 90% of the company ? CL : I own the majority stake with the remainder apportioned to founding team members , our advisory board and our angel investors . We have never publicly released the names of our angels to protect their privacy , but what I can tell you is that they include seasoned South African , German , British and Turkish entrepreneurs , family ( my father ) and friends . Media24 is our first institutional investor . VB : What will the investment be used for ? CL : 12 - 18 months run way ( sic ) with the goal of breaking even with our first stream , Liedjie.com , and launching a beta version of a second stream . VB : How does NicheStreem compete against services like Google Play Music ? CL : Services such as Google Music , Spotify , Apple Music and Deezer , aka mass market streaming services , offer near identical catalogues with similar features at almost exactly the same price point . In other words , they compete for the same user . Smaller and cheaper services with lower overheads , focused marketing strategies and market relevant play - listing attract users who have either never heard of or considered streaming , or who are n't prepared to pay $ 10 per month . For NicheStreem the sweet spot lies in the space where the music and the culture are intrinsically ( linked ) , hence we focus on culturally relevant streams for markets that are under - served by existing ( all - you - can - eat ) AYCE players . Further reading : Why niche is the next streaming frontier , Mark Mulligan for Music Industry Blog . VB : Does Liedjie attract listeners from outside South Africa ? CL : It does , however , the service is not currently available outside of SA due to content licensing restrictions . We aim to make it available in Namibia , the UK , Australia and New Zealand within the next six to eight months . VB : What are the biggest challenges in running a service like this ? CL : Old school thinking and fear of change . VB : Will NicheStreem be looking at other funding in the future ? CL : In all likelihood , we will raise an A Round to facilitate the launch and roll out of a third , fourth and fifth stream .
At one time or another , everyone struggles with indecision . Whether you 're a low level employee deciding on what font to us in a company memo or a startup founder weighing the benefits of a buyout , making the right decision can be the difference between success and failure . We asked three entrepreneurs what secrets they have for overcoming indecision . Take a look at their responses below and becoming the decision maker you were born to be : I ' m getting better at trusting my gut , going for it , and taking massive rapid action on decisions . This one was more difficult for me as I tend to be very analytical . Once the outcome you 're looking for is established and you know ' why ' you 're doing it , ditch the ' how ' and go for it . Many of us get stuck in the ' how ' and all the reasons we think we ' ca n't ' can keep you in paralysis mode . - Angela Delmedico of Elev8 Consulting Group Forget about what others think and trust yourself , stay positive and motivated . I like to ask those who encourage me their thoughts . But at the end of the day , I remind myself that I know me and my vision best . With that , I try to think about how each choice might play out in 10 years and then forge forward with conviction . - Jessica Baker of Aligned Signs Usually being clear on my mission , active priorities , time commitments and financial budgeting allows for easy decision making . But occasionally an uncertainty will arise . Thankfully I have a support group of mentors , friends and colleagues . I call on members of this group when I need to resolve something . My close relationship with them means I usually get a quick and simple answer . - Tony Banta of Calix Networks Read more about entrepreneurs and their decisions here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
The health care industry is undergoing a lot of uncertainty and challenges right now -- from rising healthcare costs , an influx of patients and more -- and medical professionals are struggling to provide patients the care they need . There are , however , several advances in both medical technology and personal health that some innovative startups are using to help solve those problems . SP Dave Willis , Chief Strategy Officer for Clarius Mobile Health , a provider of mobile ultrasound units , explains how entrepreneurs and healthcare startups can help solve this problem . SP " In the past , the challenging logistics and exorbitant cost made it difficult for hospitals to purchase multiple ultrasound machines . The medical device industry responded to those pain points by creating mobile versions that are truly detailed and accurate , enabling practitioners to use the technology easier and more effectively . " Other innovators like Sensodx and RHealth have created mobile health devices that require little more than a drop of blood to help speed up the diagnoses of various diseases . The reason mobile healthcare technologies are so revolutionary is because they are easier to deploy and they make critical health care evaluations more affordable . Much like mobile smartphones revolutionized the computing world , mobile medical devices are changing the way the industry delivers care . Willis explains how mobile health solutions will continue to evolve , " The current mobile healthcare devices are just the beginning . We can expect an increase in the number of devices that leverage miniaturized , mobile , and smart technologies that function with extreme accuracy to improve access and reduce costs . " The companies that capitalize on this growing demand for mobile solutions will likely see incredible growth . More importantly , it will be much easier for patients to receive treatment . Mobile health applications are on the rise , and the growing popularity of personal fitness trackers is helping people take preventative health measures by using the power of biometric data . Personal health is not the only use for these devices and apps either -- a growing number of physicians are using apps to track patient biometrics while they are away from the office , hospital , etc . These apps increase the quality of information sharing between doctors and patients , and they provide valuable insights into a patient 's well - being . Previously , doctors were only able to evaluate biometric data collected at the office , leaving significant blind spots that limited the potential accuracy of their diagnoses . Don Jones of Qualcomm Life describes it as an opportunity to " give people dashboards , gauges and alarm signals " about their health on a daily basis . More and more exciting technologies are being researched all the time . External devices are the innovation that is driving change today , and they will continue to do so for some time , but the next wave in healthcare tech will be devices that function as internal medical support . Some of these technologies ( like nanotechnology ) are more concept than reality at this point , but others are already in development . An important precursor to internal nanotechnology for medical use is ingestible sensors . One such sensor , Proteus , is ingestible and tracks whether or not patients are keeping up with medication regimens . Internal devices may also help increase the quantity of data doctors have access to , much like wearables . While the industry struggles to find solutions for funding and insurance , these innovators are creating solutions that will inevitably improve the quality and reduce the cost of care for patients . Willis shares , " Innovation in healthcare technology , particularly on the mobile front , are helping medical professionals reduce the cost of care , both for the patient and the hospital . As the industry continues to adopt these technologies , it will be able to fulfill previously unmet patient needs . " Ayodeji Onibalusi is an inbound marketing expert and advocate of high quality digital marketing . He has over five years of experience helping companies create winning content distribution strategies . You can check out his company ...
The South African Breweries ( SAB ) Foundation is calling on social entrepreneurs who are involved in assisting disadvantaged South Africans , to apply for its Social Innovation and Disability Empowerment Awards . The awards are split into two categories : The application process opens early next month and can be completed by visiting the SAB Foundation website . " We define social innovation as innovation that demonstrates both a sustainable business model and a measurable social impact , " said SAB Foundation director Bridgit Evans in a press release to Ventureburn . Once the application process has been concluded , a panel of judges will be assessing the entrants to evaluate whether or not they 're innovative and applicable to the lives of the disadvantaged . Once the judges have gone through applications , the best 25 applicants will be selected who will then be invited to attend a two - day workshop in September . Participants will then be asked to present their solutions and products to the judges . Based on the presentations , the judges will select the final winners who will be announced at an awards ceremony on 19 October . " In the past seven years of the Social Innovation Awards we have been impressed with the quality and calibre of ideas and businesses that we have been presented with , over many fields and industries , including health , education , environment , community cohesion and more , " said Evans . The awards ' prize money ranges from R150,000 to R1.2-million , additional prizes may also be awarded on the night of the ceremony at the judges ' discretion . In addition to the prizes , each winner will be evaluated on a case - by - case basis and be placed into a programme with a specially selected mentor and technical expert . " We hope to see many more applicants entering this year , so we can help take their ideas to the next level , " said Evans . Previous winner , Thato Kgatlhanye from Repurpose Schoolbags said the SAB Foundation gave her startup seed capital to invest in machinery and train staff in the pilot and prototyping phase of the innovation . " The funding helped us establish operations in buying quality machinery that we are still using to this day . Our operations grew , we moved from a 50sqm factory to a 200sqm factory , and we currently export product lines to countries such as Austria , UK and Turkey . " Featured image via YouTube
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Editor 's Note : Entrepreneur 's " 20 Questions " series features both established and up - and - coming entrepreneurs and asks them a number of questions about what makes them tick , their everyday success strategies and advice for aspiring founders . In the intense world of Silicon Valley , your stock rise and falls by the state of your startup . And for those founders who do n't make it their number one focus , they are often judged harshly . That is something Randi Zuckerberg learned first hand , first as the head of marketing at Facebook during the social media giant 's early years , and then as the CEO and founder of her own marketing firm , Zuckerberg Media . " What is life without being a three dimensional person ? It 's so boring , " she says of the people who believe a startup should be the only thing on your plate . " How can you tell someone to put away the things they are passionate about ? " In addition to running Zuckerberg Media , she is a speaker , radio host on SiriusXM and the author of bestselling business and children 's books -- Dot Complicated and Missy President . She is also a lifelong student of technology and explores how it has impacted our lives through her 5-year - old online community , which is also called Dot Complicated . And in 2014 , she achieved her childhood dream of making her Broadway debut . We caught up with Zuckerberg and asked her 20 Questions to see what makes her tick . 1 . How do you start your day?I start my day with a little bit of a cheesy mantra that I ' ve been using for about 10 years . It says , " work , sleep , fitness , family , friends -- pick three . " There is a lot of pressure , especially on women , to do everything well , every single day . I like to give myself permission to do three things really well each day , and it can be a different three tomorrow , as long as it all balances out in the long run . 2 . How do you end your day?In my ideal mind , I want to do something relaxing , like meditation or yoga . In reality , I ' m in bed on social media , on my laptop and on my phone all at the same time . That 's an area of my life that I ' m actively trying to work towards . I know that sleep and relaxation is so important , but I would consider myself a work in progress when it comes to the end of the day habits . 3 . What 's a book that changed your mind and why?Me , Myself and Us by Dr. Brian Little . I struggled for a long time because I ' m really an introvert , but I have to act extrovertedly , because I ' m giving speeches or meeting with entrepreneurs . I felt very alone in the world and then Dr. Little came out with this book about being pseudo extrovert , and it was all about introverts that have to pretend to be extroverts for their business lives . It totally changed my life and opened up a whole world of thinking for me . The book said if you go out there and have to act extraverted , do n't forget you 're an introvert at the core , which means you 're going to need to build in downtime to your schedule , otherwise you 're going to burn out . We do n't run on the same kind of social energy that extroverts do . So I know that if I have a day where I am on camera or giving a talk , I 'll actually build " do not schedule " blocks of time into my calendar . That 's not something I would have done before his book , but it 's something that 's really effective in my business and personal life 4 . What 's a book you always recommend and why?Year of Yes by Shonda Rhimes . It 's an awesome book . She 's an incredible woman and I think that we can all get out of our comfort zone a little more . 5 . What 's a strategy to keep focused?I like to carve out blocks of time that I ' m going to be unplugged , which is sometimes frustrating to the rest of my team . But I find that it 's hard to do creative , thoughtful tasks when you are interrupted by emails and text messages . I like to carve out two to three hours , where I do a deep dive into writing a piece or working on a speech . That is the most effective hours of my entire day . 6 . When you were a kid what did you want to be when you grew up?For a while , I wanted to be a mermaid , but apparently that was not a tangible goal . I really wanted to sing on Broadway . That was my big goal my entire life . I eventually gave it up to go into something reasonable , like technology and entrepreneurship . 7 . What did you learn from the worst boss you ever had?I learned about how to treat people , but I also learned that is is better to give people feedback in the moment . Early in my career , I had these bosses that would check in with me every six months -- and tell me for last six months that I ' ve been doing x , y and z and that 's not good . I 'd sit there thinking , " Why did n't you tell me six months ago , so that I was n't just making the same mistakes ? " That impacted my own management style , because I always want to give feedback in the moment . 8 . Who has influenced you most when it comes to how you approach your work?I'm so lucky to have a great mentor in Kathleen Kennedy , who is the president of LucasFilm . She 's given me great advice on what happens when you 're the only woman in the room , and how to find mentorship and peer guidance around you even if you have to look in other industries . We ' ve definitely spoken about the fact that sometimes your best mentors are right around you , and you do n't even know . A lot of times we look for someone high above us to be a mentor , but often peer - mentor groups are actually going to be the most effective and helpful . 9 . What 's a trip that changed you?About a year ago , I traveled to Kuwait . I spoke at one of the first women in business conferences they had in the entire country . It really opened my eyes and challenged my viewpoint . I met some wonderful entrepreneurs that I ' m still in touch with on social media . I feel really grateful for that opportunity , and it made me realize that I need to take more trips like that to get out of my own bubble and to expand my view of entrepreneurship in different regions in the world . 10 . What inspires you?Definitely art , theater , culture . Anytime that I want to feel inspired I go to the theater . I spent so much time in my life building platforms , and it 's easy for techies to forget that platforms are nothing without art to go on them . 11 . What was your first business idea and what did you do with it?A snow - shoveling subscription service when I was in middle school . I grew up in New York , and I was making a little bit of pocket money shoveling our own walkway . I then thought , what if I went door to door and say , here 's my price for today , or you could pre - order for the entire season . If it snows a lot you 'll get a good deal , but it if it does n't , that 's the risk you take . I had a few houses our block that took me up on it , mostly because the cute neighborhood kid had an idea , but now I see all the subscription services out there , and I think I was a little ahead of my time . 12 . What was an early job that taught you something important or useful?My dad is a semi - professional bridge player , and from a very young age , I used to be an assistant at the bridge club . It was fun , except it gets really stressful during certain times of the match when everyone needs to say their scores at the same time and pretty much every person raises their hand and calls for the caddy , and you have to run like a frantic animal collecting scores . Very early on it taught me about time management , how to deal with difficult and impatient people and how to pace myself and enjoy the downtime between the craziness .. 13 . What 's the best advice you ever took?Someone once told me , when we were talking about how easy it is to Google yourself and go on social media and see what they are saying about you , they said to me , " you know what Randi , you 're never as good as they say you are , and you 're never as bad as they say you are . You ca n't let it get to your head or your heart . " 14 . What 's the worst piece of advice you ever got?Someone once told me to be less interesting . I think they meant it in a constructive way , because in Silicon Valley there is a culture that you have to be 24/7 invested in your startup , otherwise you 're not taken seriously . It 's a very " all in " culture , especially if you 're a woman . People already expect you to be distracted by your family , so you need to go even more down that road to show you 're all in . I always loved theater and art , so I got some advice to be less interesting , because they felt like people might think I was distracted if they knew I also had an interest in theater . It took me a few years to realize that was probably the worst piece of advice I had ever been given . SP 15 . What 's a productivity tip you swear by?I swear by Evernote and note - taking apps . I ' m constantly writing notes to myself and sharing them with my team and my husband . With email I respond either instantly or never . If I ' m sitting there I can respond right away , but if I walk away , I get buried by a hundred more emails that come in . I would n't be able to function without it . 16 . Is there an app or tool you use in a surprising way to get things done or stay on track?It 's old school , but I set a lot of alarms during the day , like for when when I want to be done with something . Sometimes I follow them , sometimes I do n't , but it does bring mindfulness into my day . 17 . What does work - life balance mean to you?To me , it 's a long - term goal . A lot of people put pressure on themselves to make it a short - term , everyday goal . I like to give myself permission to be lopsided on a given day . 18 . How do you prevent burnout?I have two toddlers , and I ' m on the road over 100 days a year for work . It 's really easy to put yourself last . I found that I was always thinking about work and then rushing to be home for my family . So self care was at the bottom of my priority list . If you do n't carve out time for yourself , you 're not going to be good to anyone else in your life . Now I block out those do not schedule chunks . I ' m the only one that is going to create those boundaries for myself and my time , not anyone else . I would definitely encourage more entrepreneurs to not feel bad or guilty about doing things like that . 19 . When you 're faced with a creativity block , what 's your strategy to get innovating?I just try to force myself to sit and write -- even if what I write is nonsense , and I end up throwing it out . Creativity and writing is a muscle , and you need to discipline yourself to actually sit and write ideally at the same time every day to get used to it . Before you know it , if you keep going , you 're going to write something . I was able to write my whole business book in less than a month , because I decided that I was going to write four to six hours every day . 20 . What are you learning now ? For me , I even see social media and technology as constant education . The tech is changing so quickly for someone like me . If I did n't constantly work to keep educating myself , I would n't even be hired as a junior social - media manager today . SP I ' m constantly in a state learning , researching what 's going on , what the innovations are , what the social media platforms are doing . There is not day that goes by that I do n't try to educate myself in tech . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
Studying the features of mainstream coworking spaces often reveals a homogeneous mass of techy offices and decked out facilities , with the only key variation being the prestige or type of businesses who operate there . SP Looking to separate itself from the pack by constructing a diversified coworking space with a focus on social facilities and collaboration is Sydney space Work Club . SP Helmed by CEO Soren Trampedach , the " lifestyle " coworking space seeks to offer Australian startups of varying size and industry an opportunity to extend beyond their comfort zone and branch towards innovating new ideas . Originating in Sydney in 2014 and now also operating in Melbourne , Work Club was designed with all the traditional elements of a mainstream coworking space in mind before being meshed together with social facilities . SP Of course , Work Club does hold all the expected facilities that you would expect to see in a coworking space , including desks , presentation rooms , meeting rooms , and event spaces . SP " Our areas facilitate the traditional coworking areas but we also tried to mix it up a bit . For example , the facilities have been designed so you move around , " said Trampedach . SP Taking the desk and computing areas as an example , Work Club does n't offer its residents many fixed spaces to operate in . Businesses ca n't claim an area or string of desks for themselves , but rather are encouraged to move to a new one each day . SP Desks themselves are limited in numbers too , with the idea of pushing residents to use the facilities or share an area in mind . SP Since the space is underpinned by collaboration , a number of these facilities are designed for social purposes and include eating spaces , entertainment areas and a bar . SP This diversity in facilities is so widespread that the founder said about 40 percent of people use these spaces purely as a social place to come together and meet , while 60 percent come to work . " We want everyone who comes into the space to be immersed in a new experience and have both options in order to facilitate people to talk and communicate , " explained Trampedach . The idea of creating a diverse coworking space came from a rather unique place , as the founder , who previously designed spaces for Microsoft and Google , had a fascination with how Leonardo Di Vinci worked during the renaissance period . " I have a theory derived from Leonardo Di Vinci , who worked in Florence , which was the centre of the world in terms of cultures and new ideas coming together . He was very calculative or conscious about who he surrounded himself with , because he felt that diversity in his local network elevated the quality of his work , " Trampedach said . He used this concept to try to make Work Club different from the traditional coworking model and encourage entrepreneurs of all " sorts and ages together " , without feeling like the space was designed for a specific industry or level of business . By bringing these startups together and truly encouraging them to interact , Trampedach believes that businesses will be more likely to innovate . " If you work in isolation you 're less likely to find answers and ideas . But if you move outside of your normal industry or space , you 're more likely to find a different perspective , " he said . SP Residents who join are exposed to a training program in order to educate them on how to effectively use the space . Work Club also holds three to four events per week where residents are given the opportunity to present on a different topic . The startup 's flagship event , Florence Guild , runs once a week and covers topics often based on a monthly or weekly theme with the purpose of encouraging attendees to think outside the box . These events run free of charge for Work Club residents sitting on the higher - end packages of approximately $ 1250 a month . The lower end packages start from $ 200 a month and are designed to give solo entrepreneurs a financially viable option . This fee serves as the company 's core revenue stream , with Trampedach self - funding the business from its inception . While Trampedach did have discussions with investors , he ended up deciding to do it on his own to ensure it was his true vision that was brought to life . SP " Sitting down and convincing others who do n't have the same idea as you just makes you want to sit down and do it yourself , " said Trampedach . Despite this , Trampedach said he may seek out investment opportunities in the future to further scale the business . Work Club 's Sydney location has been full for over a year and the company has grown its network through reciprocal arrangements with global spaces . SP The next year will see the business focusing on developing its existing areas , particularly with the recent introduction of a new after - hours initiative introduced at the end of last year . Trampedach said this new project has been designed to help provide opportunities for people working full time in corporate roles to develop a project they have in mind on the side . " A lot of these people want to start their own project and move out of their corporate job . These after hours allows these people the time and space to come in and work on their projects , as well as interact with others who are in the same boat they are , " said Trampedach .
Being scrappy is a trait that every startup founder needs to embrace to find different ways to solve problems while building one 's business . Adam Lyons , cofounder of The Zebra , said in our Tech . Co interview that being scrappy is at the heart of their culture . " I think it 's critical , you 're going to get told no a lot , you 're going to look at a problem the same way everyone has looked at it , and if you 're not scrappy or think outside the box , then you 're never going to figure it out , " Adam said . Adam is the atypical tech founder . He did n't go straight into an ivy league or have ties to Silicon Valley . In fact , he was a high school drop - out who eventually found his way back to Temple college and land a position working at Lloyds of London and fell in love with insurance . Adam wanted to find a solution for consumers to find car insurance online and built The Zebra , the Kayak for auto insurance , and has provided 3.5 million drivers with customized quotes and has relationships with over 40 top insurance companies . Being scrappy helped him land the attention of Mark Cuban and Mark Maples who placed an additional $ 17 M into the company , bringing their total investment to over $ 21M. Adam also attributes his success to having solid mentors , including Mark Cuban , that help him maneuver through a heavily regulated industry . In my interview , Adam talks about the need to stay scrappy , building a company in a regulated sector to build The Zebra , the importance of relationship , and advice to startups raising capital . Austin has a city motto of " Keep Austin Weird . " SP In that spirit , I asked Adam about how he keeps it weird and in doing so stays true to himself . SP Read more about raising capital here at Tech . Co SP This SXSW video series is brought you by .ME , which gives a truly personal tone to your domain name with its unforgettable meaning and word combination possibilities . Let .ME be the go to place for your online business or blog for people to learn about you . Learn more at www.stayweirdwith.me .
Qurious , a startup that boosts sales teams ' performance by improving the quality of conversations , is marking its official launch . The platform learns directly from teams ' highest performing members and provides real - time battlecards during calls to help close deals . Qurious shows real - time battlecards in response to customer 's questions and objections while a sales call is happening . The AI platform leverages real - time speech recognition , dialogue management , and integrates with CRM , soft - phones , dialers and web conferencing . Qurious models the back and forth of the conversation , analyzing what 's being said and how it 's said . When Qurious detects a trigger during a phone call , such as a buying signal or objection from the customer , it shows a contextually relevant battlecard to the salesperson to help guide the conversation as it 's happening . If a salesperson is rambling , for example , Qurious nudges the salesperson to stop talking and ask a question . " We recognized the need for this product as we began our career selling natural language processing software into enterprises , " said Sabrina Atienza , Qurious ' CEO and co - founder . " Selling was hard . It 's difficult to remember exactly what to say and when ; there 's no way to track what works . We have seen many startups collapse due to failure to scale sales cost - effectively . We wanted to create real - time voice A.I. to help salespeople ramp faster , win more deals , and be able to iterate on what 's actually working . " Qurious is solving how to scale revenue cost - effectively , reducing training time to weeks and boosting top - line revenue . With today 's approaches , it is very difficult to make training stick . Companies create scripts or playbooks , but they 're outdated as soon as they 're created . Also , they 're hard to use when you 're on the phone with a customer because you have to search the document to find what to say . Qurious applies real - time voice Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) to help every salesperson leverage proven best practices on every call . Each battlecard is tracked and linked to outcomes , so teams can see what 's actually working and A / B test different battlecards . Additionally , for small or new sales teams , the platform offers best practice templates so your team can use something that has been proven to work . " Playbooks are painful to build and very tedious to maintain , " explained co - founder and CTO George Ramonov . " By continuously analyzing your customer 's questions and which responses are most effective , we give sales teams real - time content development . If a new question comes up , Qurious adds a battlecard to your playbook , so your playbooks evolve with your GTM strategy and are always effective . " For businesses , sales training is a money blackhole . In 2015 , almost $ 2.5 billion was spent , globally , on sales training . While this is no doubt a hefty sum , the rate at which this training is forgotten is phenomenal . Within 30 days of sales training - at a conference , for example - 79 percent of what was taught is forgotten . Since almost 1 in 8 full - time workers in the US are sales professionals , this problem is massive . Qurious fixes this problem by providing on - the - go , real - time battlecards for sales teams on every single call , powered by voice A.I. Atienza added , " By improving the quality of conversations with buyers , we improve sales productivity and effectiveness for sellers , including their profit margins and growth rates . " SP
New entrepreneurs have big dreams , but there are many things that can stand in the way of bringing their vision to fruition . This is n't surprising when you consider that entrepreneurs who have already been involved in multiple startups can still make the same mistakes . The reality is that getting a startup off the ground takes a lot of hard work , the right amount of capital , the dedication and patience to work through a long list of unexpected challenges . Whether you 're hoping to launch your first company or your tenth , it 's a wise idea to better prepare yourself for the challenges ahead . Are you fully prepared for the stress and emotional toll of launching a startup ? Personal relationships can suffer greatly when an entrepreneur starts a new business . This is because there 's often the misconception that the only way to be successful is to spend an exorbitant amount of time working , especially during the first year . Although it 's important to give a lot of time and energy to your project , you also need to prioritize your physical and mental health . Working non - stop is highly stressful , and stress has been proven to kill . Avoid emotional burnout and fractured relationships by learning how to balance your work and home lives . You ' ve gone over your budget with a fine - toothed comb , and you 're confident you ' ve considered every possible issue that could arise . Suddenly , you discover that something as routine but essential as an IT project has put everything out of whack . Hidden costs pop up everywhere , so you need to be very generous with your budgeting process . You can also reduce a lot of stress and heartache by carefully considering industry statistics . You may believe that hiring the right team is as simple as selecting highly qualified people for each open position . However , the hunt for your teammates should actually be a lot more nuanced than that . Yes , the first candidate may look slightly better on paper , but do they share your vision as much as the second one ? Are they cooperative or combative by nature ? Will they fit in well with the other members of your team ? These are all questions you need to ask yourself before you hire someone . Ideally , you 'll want people who share your passion and can fit in nicely with the workplace culture you prefer . Choosing this approach may take longer , but your patience will be rewarded . Crowdfunding has become the major capital funding source of choice for many entrepreneurs . There are numerous success stories to emulate , but it 's vital to be aware that many more of these campaigns fail . Therefore , if you 're putting all of your eggs into the crowdfunding basket , you 're setting yourself up for failure . If you 're still committed to the idea of crowdfunding , you need to be prepared to face several related challenges . Choosing the right platform is step one . If you do n't properly do your due diligence here , you might as well not bother to launch a campaign at all . After finding the right platform , you 'll still need to work hard at building interest . Make sure you fully understand what a crowdfunding campaign entails before you try to rely on one for financial assistance . Perhaps the most important thing you need to prepare yourself for is rejection . Mark Cuban and " Shark Tank " showcase that even a good idea can be met with a " no " for a large number of reasons . This is something that you will almost certainly need to get used to if you want to acquire funding or convince stores to carry your new products . Remember : Cuban has regretted saying " no " at least once . Even if several potential investors pass , this does n't mean you wo n't have a successful future , but you do need to be able to bounce back after each rejection . Allow yourself to dream . At the same time , take a realistic look at everything and educate yourself as much as possible . This will help you avoid future issues from major challenges you failed to anticipate .
If you haven't heard , South by Southwest ( SXSW ) is a multi - faceted event with showcases of entertainment , business , and technology . The event happens between March 10 - 19 in Austin and thousands of people from around the world descend on the Texas city to take in the sights , the sounds , and the innovation . The event packs in more than 70,000 participants , vendors , and artists and has 24 tracks , including Tech Industry , Intelligent Future , and Development and Code . And if you want to know how to succeed and survive at this incredibly popular event , you 'll need to learn from the experts . Three entrepreneurs from Albuquerque all made it through SXSW last year . Charles Ashley III , CEO of Cultivating Coders , Michelle Urban , CEO of Pressure Analysis Company , and Antonio Gandara - Martinez , Marketing Advisor for bouncechat and marketing director for boomtime , all took the time to share their top tips on making SXSW a successful event . Check them out below : Hotel rooms book fast and prices are going up . To save a little money , you might want to try an Airbnb and share the space with other startups . Also , keep an eye out for cheap flights because they are also on their way up . SXSW is mass chaos with thousands of people , and just talking to the person standing next to you might turn out to be the perfect connection or turn into something unexpected . Figure out now how you 'll keep all these new contacts organized . Here are a few ideas that might help : Take a photo with your phone and put it on Evernote , or create a Google doc that you can access from your phone and plug that information in right away . Whether it 's early the next morning or a month later , make sure you pull out those business cards and make contact . Remind people who you are and how you met them . You never know what might come from it . Think of pitching as getting a chance to network with everyone in the room . They know who you are and what you do , and if they need a connection , they 'll come talk to you . And if you win the competition , bonus ! SXSW is an incredibly large event . Downloading the app will help you navigate everything with ease . This is especially helpful to keep track of the schedule and getting last minute updates . Businesses from Albuquerque banded together last year and set up their own Slack channel so that everyone could keep in touch and share important information - like " Hey everyone , there 's free tacos , " or " Hey Michelle , there 's someone you need to meet . " Speaking of free tacos , you can save time and money by taking advantage of the free food and drinks all around the event . Just keep your eyes and ears open for deals and you 'll save a boatload . Many of the buildings that are used for the event will have something going on .
Over the past two days , 20 companies have taken the stage at TechCrunch 's Startup Battlefield , where they presented their products and took questions from our expert judges . Now , with the help of those judges , we ' ve selected five startups to compete tomorrow in the Battlefield finals . They are : Collider 's flagship printer Orchid , which is still in a production - prototype stage , makes metal objects that are on par with those that are injection - molded . Its compact , safe and affordable enough for use in offices or labs . Domuso provides more flexible rental terms for tenants , while helping property owners and managers to more efficiently collect rent . Its platform includes faster processing for the rent payments that are made on time , as well as installment loans for renters who are going to having trouble making those payments . NuCypher is selling enterprises a specialized encryption layer that enhances their ability to perform big data analytics while tapping into the cloud . Its slogan : body armor for big data . RecordGram aims to be a mobile recording studio where aspiring artists can find beats , create songs and get signed . It was co - founded by Grammy - winning music producer Winston " DJ Blackout " Thomas ; Erik Mendelson , a veteran of radio and digital music ; and hip - hop 's Shawn Mims , who is best known for his song " This is Why I ' m Hot . " Sunrise Health is a new startup aiming to improve mental healthcare by combining the constant support of group chat , the openness afforded by anonymity , the guidance of professional therapists and the safeguard of artificial intelligence watching for abuse and emergencies . It 's launched a beta version of its group chat therapy app that 's free for patients , and licensed as software - as - a - service to healthcare providers . The finals will start at 11 am Eastern tomorrow , May 17 , and we 'll be livestreaming them right here on TechCrunch . Also , if you 're part of a startup , applications for Disrupt SF are open .
Soundtrack co - founders Andreas Liffgarden and Ola Sars . Photo via Soundtrack Your Brand . SP A Spotify - backed company that gives businesses legal and data - driven background music is raising more cash to help expand its operations . Soundtrack Your Brand today announced a $ 22 million round led by Industrifonden and Balderton Capital . The Stockholm - based company will use the fresh cash to grow its platform across the globe -- including in the Seattle region , where it opened a sales office this past May and employs eight people . Founded in 2013 by music industry vets Ola Sars and Andreas Liffgarden , Soundtrack Your Brand aims to create " the first truly modern streaming service for businesses . " Traditionally , many businesses play background music with CDs or satellite feeds , and some never report what they play to rights holders . Soundtrack Your Brand offers a platform that utilizes consumer insights and data analytics to provide brand - centric playlists with licensed music . It is now active in more than 100 countries worldwide and saw its revenue and user base grow by nearly 400 percent over the past year . " Background music today is sold as a utility , and there 's rarely much thought going into what music brands are playing and why , " Liffgarden said in a statement . " Today 's background music sucks for brands and consumers alike , and it 's hurting the music industry at large . As lovers of music and technology , we 're completely overhauling this industry , to once and for all kill bad background music . " Before launching the company , Sars helped start Beats Music ( acquired by Apple for $ 3 billion ) while Liffgarden led Spotify 's business development team . Soundtrack Your Brand is based in Stockholm -- where consumer music streaming giant Spotify , an early investor in the startup , also has its HQ -- but expanded its footprint across the pond last year to Seattle . Jody McKinley , Soundtrack Your Brand 's managing director of North America , told GeekWire that the company picked Seattle for its North American home base because of the region 's talent . It plans to add another four employees to the office this year . " We were drawn to the concentration of talent in the area -- from licensing , music curators , sales , operations and tech -- that bridges commercial and consumer subscription services and is extremely valuable to a business like ours , " he said . Soundtrack Your Brand employs 65 people in total , with its main engineering team based Stockholm and an additional sales team in London . Total funding for the company is now more than $ 40 million . As a result of the new funding , Lars Fjeldsoe - Nielsen , previously head of mobile for Uber and Dropbox , is joining the board , along with Industrifonden investment manager and music entrepreneur Johan Englund .
Inspiration , passion and confidence are just a few of the benefits you stand to gain from making meaningful connections with like - minded individuals . The old proverb , " Show me your friends and I 'll tell you who you are , " translates into surrounding yourself with the right people . As a startup founder , surrounding yourself with like - minded entrepreneurs can have a major impact on your own success and that of your business . Unfortunately , entrepreneurs often fail to seek out others for a variety of reasons , including fear , inadequacy , or exhaustion . Associating yourself with other successful entrepreneurs goes a long way . Here 's what you can stand to gain by proactively seeking out other entrepreneurs : Spending time with like - minded entrepreneurs has a direct impact on your mindset . By seeking out other business owners and entrepreneurs like yourself , regardless of what industry or market they happen to be in , you 'll get fired up about being an entrepreneur . And if you see them succeed in their passion , your passion will be fueled even more . If you think about big - name stars , they usually talk about the day they got their " big break . " For entrepreneurs and young business owners , this " big break " is about making the right connections . Spending time with other entrepreneurs opens the door to connecting with even more influential people and getting your name out there . It can also lead to business referrals or joint business ventures . Being supportive and lending a helping hand is key to showing value to fellow entrepreneurs . You wo n't be handed a business referral or an opportunity by pestering people . They must feel like you are ready to help them before they 'll think of you when they meet someone that needs your product or service . If you 're engaging with entrepreneurs , you will learn from them at a much faster rate than you would learn on your own . The typical entrepreneur learns by trial and error . Failing is a normal process of learning how to do something better . But learning about it from someone who 's been there can save you time and money in the long run . The value of shortening your learning curve is huge . Making connections with other entrepreneurs can be a challenge . Busy schedules and hectic lifestyles do n't make it easy to connect . However , the value of making those connections and nurturing those relationships is priceless . Go out of your way to seek like - minded entrepreneurs and you 'll be surprised at how much you can gain . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Youth - run educational organisation Speak Afrika , along with the Charities Aid Foundation Southern Africa ( CASA ) and the US Embassy in Pretoria , have launched the Desert Startup Bootcamp in Tshwane this week . The Desert Startup Bootcamp was co - founded by Mandela Washington Fellows Mhlanganisi Madlongolwana and Sam Beckbessinger . " This is particularly close to my heart as I come from these communities where access to markets and mentors is a big challenge for startups , " said Madlongolwana in a statement . The bootcamp will select 55 aspiring entrepreneurs from 180 applicants from Tshwane and will put them through a three - month " experiential learning programme " . The entrepreneurs will meet for weekly workshops , mentoring , engagement sessions and pitching sessions to hone their products and presentation skills . All these activities will take place at the American Corner in Pretoria . The hub provides the participants with high - speed internet , equipment as well as digital resources to aid them during their time in the bootcamp . This will all be done in preparation for a pitching competition held in August which will be the foundation for the Desert Startup Bootcamp participants to build a larger client base , networks and to land possible investments . " Together we 'll create a vibrant culture of youth entrepreneurship that is ' plugged - in ' to a national and international ecosystem of entrepreneurs , experts , industry leaders and mentors , whilst still recognising the local challenges that young entrepreneurs face in our market , " said Beckbessinger , the other co - founder of the bootcamp . Featured image : SA Tourism via Flickr ( cc 2.0 resize )
Restaurant food delivery company Deliveroo has begun trialing a subscription service in the U.K. -- presumably targeted at its most frequent and loyal customers . Dubbed ' Deliveroo Plus ' and only available to existing customers , the new option sees Deliveroo waive its PS2.50 per delivery fee in favour of a subscription costing PS8.99 per month or PS89 per year . The food itself , of course , is not included . The service is initially rolling out in the cities of Manchester , Birmingham , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Brighton , and York . The first batch of subscribers will get two months for free . SP Related Articles Peanut is a new startup from Deliveroo co - founder and former Badoo deputy CEO Deliveroo riders in North London push to unionize Food delivery startup Deliveroo expands with Business tier for corporate accounts Deliveroo drivers hold protest in London over possible changes to the way they are paid Food startup Deliveroo raises $ 275 M as Uber eats into its European market Dan Warne , UK & Ireland Managing Director at Deliveroo comments in a statement : " Ordering great food from great restaurants on Deliveroo is an increasingly big part of many people 's daily lives , and Deliveroo Plus is all about rewarding them . This new subscription service gives our customers an even better experience and even better value for money when they order with us . " As Warne 's statement acknowledges , the new subscription service is undoubtedly designed to make Deliveroo even more sticky than it already is . The additional pricing model also serves as a reminder that a significant portion of the company 's revenue is based on the percentage cut it takes on each basket not on the price it charges consumers for delivery . Meanwhile , the tentative launch of Deliveroo Plus borrows a little from the Amazon playbook . The e - commerce giant has a restaurant food delivery service of its own called Amazon Restaurants , which recently came to the U.K. following a U.S. launch , and is available to Amazon Prime subscribers only . Postmates in the U.S. also has a subscription version of its food delivery service , so the move is not without precedent . In other Deliveroo news this week , the company announced that it is planning to add 300 new tech jobs to work at its London HQ . It already has a 125-strong engineering and product team , and says it is aggressively hiring software engineers , research scientists , product managers , user researchers , designers , and data analysts . It takes a lot of tech to deliver you a curry on a Friday night , apparently .
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai on Wednesday proposed a reversal of existing net neutrality rules that were instituted in 2015 . The rules reclassified broadband internet service providers as public utilities in an effort to create a more open internet , not weighted to those entities that could pay more to receive faster service . Led by Engine , Techstars and Y Combinator , more than 800 members of the tech community , including Chartbeat , Etsy , Medium and Matter Ventures , signed their names to an open letter protesting the move . Read the full letter below . The Honorable Ajit Pai Chairman Federal Communications Commission445 12th Street SWWashington , DC 20554 Chairman Pai : As a group of startups , entrepreneurs , investors , and the organizations who support them from all 50 states , we were excited to hear about your recent regional tour with startups and innovators and learn about your plans to drive better , faster broadband deployment across the U.S. During your tour , you noted that " High - speed Internet access , or broadband , is giving rise to what I have called the democratization of entrepreneurship . With a powerful plan and a digital connection , you can raise capital , start a business , immediately reach a worldwide customer base , and disrupt an entire industry . " We could n't agree more . Each of our businesses is an example of the sort of innovation and investment that meaningful broadband access has fueled . But the success of America 's startup ecosystem depends on more than improved broadband speeds . We also depend on an open Internet -- including enforceable net neutrality rules that ensure big cable companies ca n't discriminate against people like us . We 're deeply concerned with your intention to undo the existing legal framework . Without net neutrality , the incumbents who provide access to the Internet would be able to pick winners or losers in the market . They could impede traffic from our services in order to favor their own services or established competitors . Or they could impose new tolls on us , inhibiting consumer choice . Those actions directly impede an entrepreneur 's ability to " start a business , immediately reach a worldwide customer base , and disrupt an entire industry . " Our companies should be able to compete with incumbents on the quality of our products and services , not our capacity to pay tolls to Internet access providers . Fortunately , in 2015 the Federal Communications Commission put in place light touch net neutrality rules that not only prohibit certain harmful practices , but also allow the Commission to develop and enforce rules to address new forms of discrimination . We are concerned by reports that you would replace this system with a set of minimum voluntary commitments , which would give a green light for Internet access providers to discriminate in unforeseen ways . Rather than dismantling regulations that allow the startup ecosystem to thrive , we urge you to focus instead on policies that would promote a stronger Internet for everyone . We applaud efforts to remove unnecessary barriers to construction of new networks , which would foster increased competition and faster , more affordable , open Internet access . We appreciate your consideration and stand at the ready to provide insights that support this work . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
The business of banks relies on keeping savings safe , but hackers are finding ever more sophisticated methods to access them . Swindlers stole PS755 million across payment cards , remote banking and cheques in 2015 according to Financial Fraud Action UK , an increase of 26 per cent compared to 2014 . The declining cost of technology iss lowering the barriers to entry for budding fraudsters , while emerging technologies give them new methods of theft . However the banking sector is developing solutions to match them . BT showed Techworld some future security solutions at its Adastral Park research centre in Suffolk . Cryptographic protection for real - time banking transactions today relies on mathematical equations that are normally sufficient for our computation powers . Contemporary encryption keys are often changed intermittently , as constant changes can be a major inconvenience for everyone involved . " That 's fine the way it is " , says BT lead consultant Ian Monteath , " because these keys would take the age of the universe to crack . " The rise of quantum computing introduces a disturbing threat to the way things are . Its vast computing power means encryption could be broken in a relatively short amount of time . Help is at hand for the security teams of the future . Quantum key distribution developed by BT and Toshiba can mitigate the threat by exploiting the laws of physics to make data encryption almost unbreakable . Encrypted data is transferred through the quantum key distribution system ( left ) and monitored by the eavesdropping device Encoded information is fired down optical fibre in single photons of light at a rate of up ten gigabits per second . Keys can be checked every millisecond if required , so a quantum computer has to crack potentially trillions of keys in order to access a meaningful volume of data . An eavesdropping device monitors any evidence of interruption creeping into the transmission on a tapping meter , which is reflected in the time of its arrival . SP The laws of quantum physics dictate that you could change anything in the quantum world just by observing it . " That 's what makes this look like an ideal way of transferring keys , " says Monteath . " Anybody that tries to break and have a look at the data , they essentially start to corrupt the data . " Any breach is identified immediately and the transaction aborted to avoid disaster . Because it can exchange data at such a high rate , an uncompromised key can still be used from the catalogue that 's been stockpiled , and a new key can be sent automatically with no noticeable disruption . On the counter of the BT 's model high street bank branch stands a Fujitsu biometric palm reader that can verify the identity of customer with a touch of the hand . Monteath places his palm above the device and it scans the veins underneath the surface of his skin by emitting an infrared beam sensitive to light reflected off haemoglobin in his blood . The pattern is recorded by the sensor and compared to his record on a database before access is granted . " There 's another technology which uses fingers , which are much more prone to constriction in the cold conditions , " says Monteath . " The reason they went for the palm in this instance was the depth of the veins within the palm are sufficient , and they do n't tend to constrict as much as the ones on your fingers . " A further form of biometrics is also on display . The facial biometric recognition tool known developed by a startup called Iproov can authenticate identity through a smartphone camera . SP Monteath positions within a circle on the smartphone screen before a sequence of colours flash light across on the details of his face . Most similar devices only analyse an image , but this one goes a step further by streaming a video to the servers . Using a photo would n't work as it would n't reflect the light off his features in the same three dimensional way . It may be possibility to deceive by making a first - rate bust , but only if it 's of a quality that few are capable of creating . " It has to be Hollywood - grade prosthetics , " says Monteath . " It has to be that good before you ' ve even got a change of it working . "
Payments technology giant Visa has partnered with global accelerator and early - stage tech investor , Nest to launch its first Innovation Bootcamp in Africa . The bootcamp aims to empower early - stage startups within the fintech space and will conclude with a Demo Day scheduled for 27 March 2017 . The bootcamp saw a pool of 122 applicants from 12 countries which include Kenya , Uganda , Rwanda , Ghana , South Africa and many others . From applicants , only 10 were selected to take part . " The finalists will get the opportunity to gain knowledge and insights from experts at Visa , as well as gain access to Visa API 's and tools , and Nest 's resources to scale their start - up through Africa and beyond , " said Visa 's country manager for East Africa , Sunny Walia in a statement issued to AppsAfrica . " We 're excited about helping our great corporate partners unlock the potential by working alongside startups as there are unlimited possibilities and opportunities , " said the Managing partner at Nest , Aaron Fu . The 10 startups selected were : " The Visa Bootcamp brings together marquee innovators solving critical challenges in the FinTech landscape on a structured platform for these highly promising businesses to explore partnerships with Visa and its partner bank network , as well as have one - on - one interactions with potential funders , " concluded Fu . Update : Network of Southern Think Tanks ( Nest ) changed to SME accelerator Nest SP
For many U.S. startups and their foreign - born employees , a kind of back - up plan may be starting to sound like a good idea right about now . Yesterday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that administration officials have drafted a new executive order aimed at overhauling , among other things , the H-1B work - visa program that U.S .- based tech companies have long relied on to bring top foreign engineering talent into their ranks . Spicer said the possible executive order is " part of a larger immigration effort " related in part to Friday 's hot - button immigration ban targeting immigrants and refugees from seven predominantly Muslim countries . According to Bloomberg , the draft proposal states that : " Our country 's immigration policies should be designed and implemented to serve , first and foremost , the U.S. national interest . Visa programs for foreign workers ... should be administered in a manner that protects the civil rights of American workers and current lawful residents , and that prioritizes the protection of American workers -- our forgotten working people -- and the jobs they hold . " ( The shorter version : companies have to try hiring U.S .- born employees first . ) Whether and when that executive order gets signed is an open question , but at least one small group of cofounders has banded together to make it easier for U.S. companies to create subsidiaries in Canada and to move their U.S .- based employees to a new , Vancouver - based office , and all within what they describe as weeks , not months . They haven't created a nonprofit . They ' ve instead formed a new company called True North that 's right now offering a $ 6,000 package that includes airfare for one person to Vancouver , two nights of accommodations , and a day with " world - class immigration professionals who will walk you through the process and answer any questions you have . " The package is somewhat rich . For example , an employee could fly from the Bay Area to Vancouver , land accommodations , and talk with immigration attorneys for far less than what True North is charging . But the broader idea is interesting , and that 's for employees to keep their current jobs with their current employers but to have the option to work via a wholly owned Canadian subsidiary that can provide them with protected status in the event that the U.S. changes its employment regulations . We talked about the genesis of this project with one of True North 's cofounders , serial entrepreneur Scott Rafer ( who founded the API management vendor Mashery and an early blog community and analytics company MyBlogLog , among other companies ) . Rafer has been interested in immigration issues for many years , he said , thanks in part to a close friend who was forced to escape from North Korea and eventually found safety with her family in Singapore . More recently , he has focused his financial efforts around helping Syrians refugees resettle on the Greek island of Lesbos . But following the U.S. presidential elections in November , it became clear to both Rafer and several friends , including Vancouver - based serial entrepreneur Michael Tippett , that immigrants in the U.S. would soon need greater attention , too . Their big aim with True North ? " To keep H-1B workers in one place rather than see them scatter . To point them to a more - than - decent city and airport where they can move their work and live happily and access great public schools . We have this community here in Silicon Valley that we want to preserve and if you look at a map , there are few places other than Vancouver that qualify for this kind of move . " We " are n't saying to move on spec but to have a ripcord , " adds Rafer . TrueNorth is working with Ernst & Young , and the firm has advised True North that a subsidiary can be set up fairly quickly . As Bloomberg noted in its report , Google , Microsoft , and Amazon already have offices in Canada where they often position workers while they wait for them to obtain clearance to live and work in the U.S. Rafer suggests that people need n't wait for their employer to legally form a Canadian subsidiary first -- that they can and should apply to live in Canada in parallel ( that it takes roughly the same amount of time ) . This Rolling Stone article suggests the process is relatively easy once someone has a Canadian job offer in hand . Certainly , Canada 's technology community seems receptive to the idea of welcoming more tech talent . This past weekend , dozens of Canada 's tech CEOs signed a letter asking Canada to offer immediate entry visas to those hit by the order . Part of it reads : The Canadian tech community supports Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's message that Canada will and must remain inclusive to all nationalities . We also stand directly opposed to any and all laws that undermine or attack inclusion , and call on Prime Minister Trudeau and our political leaders to do the same . The Canadian tech community also calls on the Canadian federal government to institute an immediate and targeted visa providing those currently displaced by the US Executive Order with temporary residency in Canada . This visa would allow these residents to live and work in Canada with access to benefits until such time as they can complete the application process for permanent residency if they so choose . We encourage provincial and municipal governments across Canada to lend support as they can . Rafer acknowledges that newly formed True North is limited in its ability . The outfit has already secured a " couple dozen desks " through its local network , he says , but " we are n't set up to help thousands of people just yet . " Of the cost , he 's aware that it 's high , saying it " is n't friendly to bootstrapped startups by any means . We 'd love to get it there fast , but we 're completely paranoid about making promises we ca n't keep when people 's families are at stake . " He adds that his team is " working to bring [ costs ] down without putting ourselves in a position of becoming unreliable . " The good news , says Rafer : the city of Vancouver " has the space , and we 're working with officials on [ lining up as much of it as we can ] . We may not look like the best customer service force in the world , but we 're also not going to screw with people . " SP
In another installment of our weekly spotlight series , we 're taking a look at some startups that are finding new and creative ways to help people . From chilling poolside this summer at your favorite hotel to data - driven platforms that empower job - hunters , the well of innovation never seems to dry up , particularly when we put them in the spotlight . A responsive lighting platform that has occupancy sensing in order for home care providers and staff to be able to monitor and analyze senior residents . Users of Slack Care will get a notification if a resident does n't wake up until much later than usual or stays in the bathroom longer than usual . Slack Care provides analytics about number of bathroom visits and sleep tracking and offers circadian lighting and fall prevention lighting to keep residents feeling their best and out of harm 's way . This startup gives people the opportunity to gain access to all of the awesome things a hotel has to offer , without the overnight stay . Customers get the opportunity to access steam rooms , cabanas , pools , hot - tubs and more . Daycation is for people who want to have a relaxing day without making an overnight commitment . If you ' ve ever wanted to put yourself out there and try something you ' ve never done before , Dabble is the place to go . Dabble makes it effortless for people to search for classes and workshops while connecting with the community around them . And these are n't just boring , textbook snore - feats- classes include anything from beer brewing , closet organizing and vegan cooking to kick boxing , intro to podcasting and web design . One of Dabble 's main goals is to stimulate the teachers and students participating by making each class fun and hands - on . DivvyUp is a custom sock company that focuses on giving back to the less fortunate . For every pair of socks that 's purchased from them , a pair of socks is donated to a shelter or less - privileged area . As of December 2016 , over 10,000 pairs of socks have been gifted across ten different states . Comparably is dedicated to providing reliable information and data about the workplace in order to give transparency to the public and potential employees . Comparably gathers compensation and culture data and gives aspiring employees the ability to see how they will be compensated and their true value in the workplace . In doing so , Comparably is leveling the playing field by putting the ball in the employees ' court and giving them a platform to make conscientious decisions about their careers . Read more about startups around the country here at Tech . Co . This is our premium Weekly Spotlight Announcement Series . Learn more about how your company or crowdfunding project can be included and reach thousands of readers around the country , including influencers , investors and more .
Databerries is announcing that it has raised $ 16 million in Series A funding -- money that will help the Paris - headquartered company launch in the United States . The startup describes its approach as " real life targeting . " It works with brick - and - mortar retailers to direct their ads at consumers who have been to their store or a competitor 's store , then allows those retailers to measure when their ads actually result in store visits . The platform was first launched in December 2015 , and the company says it works with more than 100 businesses , including Toys R Us and McDonalds . The new funding was led by Index Ventures , with participation from ISAI , Mosaic Ventures , former Criteo COO Pascal Gauthier and former Criteo President Greg Coleman ( now president at BuzzFeed ) . Related Articles AppOnboard offers fast , playable mobile ads Shine gives up on mobile network ad - block threats , wants to play nice Facebook 's Local Ad Targeting Gets Smarter SP If you 're wondering about the Criteo connection , CEO Benoit Grouchko was previously a manager at the French adtech company . Grouchko founded Databerries with COO Francois Wyss ( a former Googler who 's leading the team in the US ) and CTO Guillaume Charhon . " Databerries offers retailers a traffic acquisition solution that works for offline marketing , but also leverages the online advertising standards the industry has become used to : accurate targeting , personalization , performance measurement and return on investment optimization , " Grouchko said in the funding release . " As a result , Databerries is leveling the playing field between pure ecommerce and brick and mortar . "
Australia is a huge market for Airbnb , with NSW a particularly strong growth centre . It 's so popular , in fact , that a report released by Deloitte earlier this year found Sydney had jumped from 10th in the ranking of top cities for the platform in 2015 , to 5th in 2016 . According to the report , NSW boasted 38,000 property listings on Airbnb in 2016 , with 60,000 across Australia . With those numbers in mind , it 's no surprise that a whole new genre of startups has emerged to support the growth of Airbnb and its competitors : the Airbnb management startup . One of the latest to hit the scene is Hometime , founded by Dave Thompson , a former investment banker , and William Crock , who has a background in engineering project management . The startup has created an Airbnb management and housekeeping services business to , as Thompson puts it , " make Airbnb stress - free " . He explained , " Speak to any Airbnb host and they will tell you what a pleasure it is to share their home with others and that the financial rewards are significant . However , it can also be a full time job ; five - star reviews are crucial when it comes to maintaining occupancy , and this is no easy task . " Hometime looks to help hosts " put their Airbnb properties on autopilot " by handling each aspect of the hosting experience . As Thompson pointed out , service is crucial to Airbnb , with guests often expecting a bed and breakfast - type stay , however the average host has neither the time nor the expertise to provide that kind of experience to guests , and that 's where Hometime wants to come in . The idea came from , as you might have guessed , the founders using Airbnb themselves . Thompson said he ran into trouble when he attempted to manage his Airbnb listing remotely while on this honeymoon - there 's a lot involved in the process of receiving guests that 's hard to do when you 're not near your property , from simply handing over keys to cleaning , restocking supplies , and changing sheets . Returning home , he went through the idea with Crock and they decided to leave their jobs and build on it . Currently available in Sydney , Melbourne , and Perth , Hometime works via a host platform and a vendor portal for contractors who perform the various services offered by the startup , which are split across simple housekeeping or full management of a listing . For the latter , the service starts with chatting with the host to understand what kinds of guests they want to accept - no pets allowed , for example - and how much they want to be earning , and then creating a listing . Here , a photographer can come and take photos of the property , with Hometime then listing the property across various booking platforms , its ' unique pricing data ' working to optimise the listed price at different times . From there , the housekeeping and maintenance comes in . Clients can choose to either have housekeepers change the sheets and towels , putting the dirty ones in the laundry basket , or using Hometime 's linens . According to Thompson , service providers , or vendors , undergo police checks before being onboarded onto Hometime . Through the app they can accept jobs as per their own availability , while the host is able to check in on guests accepted and services performed through their own portal . Thompson claimed the startup has conducted " thousands of services " across hundreds of properties around Australia since it launched in 2015 , saying it has seen growth of 20 percent month on month over the past six months . " We have found a lot of clients begin using us for our housekeeping and then convert to using Hometime for full property management once we ' ve built up their trust levels , " he said . The service has three pricing levels , with the fee for stand alone , one - off housekeeping services dependent on the type of property . On the management side , Hometime allows clients to pay a ' shared success fee ' of 15 percent of a booking , or pay a monthly rate in exchange for having a property fully managed and getting a payout of a set rate each month . Again , given the growth of Airbnb , Hometime is n't the only startup offering these kinds of services . Among its competitors are MadeComfy , while UK outfit Airsorted also recently launched in Sydney , its first expansion market outside the UK . The market is already significant and is sure to keep growing in NSW in particular , with the state government last month stating it will allow property owners to rent out private rooms and entire homes via Airbnb on a short term basis , as well as allowing short term rental of empty properties , such as investment properties . Having raised $ 500,000 in funding last year , Hometime is focused on growing its service and expanding throughout Australia .
Tech . Co publishes a lot of stories throughout the week . And unless you ' ve got the time to read one story per hour , you 're going to have trouble keeping up with us . Fortunately , every week we put together a collection of our top stories so you can stay up to date on what 's going on in the startup , entrepreneur , and innovation worlds . And if you do n't think these top stories will pique your interest , think again ! We ' ve got everything from Millennial smartphone addictions and Tesla cities to huge funding rounds and the launch of YouTube TV . Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here . Read more about Tech . Co 's Top Stories here
In an open letter that I published on Startup Daily before the start of the new year , I mentioned that in 2016 in particular , startup media really failed to do our jobs properly . We put exclusive headlines and content volume above taking a well - researched approach when it came to profiling new players in the ecosystem . The result is that now we kind of look like a swag of dicks - because time has revealed what most of us should have when we sat down with founders and spokespeople of startup companies and interviewed them . It is not enough to rely on screenshots and product videos anymore to publish with certainty that a product or service does exactly what we are being told it does . We should experience it ourselves so our words are trustworthy - we owe that to our readers . Actually , smart startups proactively engage in these types of activities ; case in point is Canva - since it first launched into beta and then for every major release since then , target individuals from the media are invited to sit with one of the founders and other key team members in the Canva office , see a presentation on what is being released and then quite literally have access to ' play ' with the new features under embargo until the news is announced - it is a standard that I think all startups should aspire to . I think journalists have a responsibility to request such access because press coverage helps create a perception about a subject and perception can be linked back to things like traffic spikes , increased sales and , in some cases , a capital raise . In the case of the United States - based drone company Lily Robotics , the startup press played a huge role getting the company exposure : it was published in all the major publications , from Recode to Mashable and everything in between . The result : over 12 million views of its product video and an alleged US$ 34 million in preorders , according to the company - remember the Lily Drone never actually launched on any crowdfunding platform at all . It was one of the first examples of a successful crowdfunding campaign outside of that environment , which also means they never had to part with a percentage of funds raised to a third party like Kickstarter or Pozible . The downside to not launching on a crowdfunding platform for any company , though , is that while crowdfunding platforms are positioned as being about " funding ideas " , SP pre - sales under a direct brand banner usually are not , and in the case of the Lily Robotics website there was nothing that clearly indicated what they were selling was a pipe dream . I do not envy the lives of Antoine Balaresque , Henry Bradlow , or Kelly Coyne , the unfortunate individual who is doing a lot of the frontline communication for Lily Robotics right now . While Coyne perhaps has the ability to show her skills off SP as a marketer and public relations professional and move on to bigger and better things in the future , there will always be that question regarding her personal and professional ethics if she knowingly engaged in creating a deceitful marketing campaign that Lily Robotics made money off . She faces a more pleasant immediate future than the cofounders of her soon - to - be previous company , though . In addition to what is happening from a customer - facing perspective , Lily Robotics is now facing what will be a potentially long and very public court case brought by their state 's District Attorney ; pending on that ruling , the case could spark a myriad of other legal battles , including from investors if they were lied to . Do n't forget - in addition to its pre - orders , Lily Robotics raised US$ 14 million in venture capital from firms such as SV Angel , Spark Capital , and Winklevoss Capital . However , the biggest mistake the company made , in my opinion , was that promotional video that made it famous . It is a great sales tool , nobody can deny that . It certainly made me want to buy one . However , as it turns out the most important elements of that video - the parts that show the features in action - were shrouded in a big filthy lie . Those key parts of the promo were filmed using a DJI Inspire drone , and there was nothing in the video that indicated that . In order to give some perspective , Australia has very clear statutory laws in place around companies engaging in misleading and deceptive conduct under the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 ( formally in the Trade Practices Act ) , in addition to common laws around such behaviours . Lily Robotics is being taken to court by the District Attorney in the United States - in Australia our equivalent approach would be the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission taking you to court . In Australia we also look at individual breaches of statutory law , meaning that if we wanted to get really technical , a case like Lily Robotics could mean that the number of breaches were equal to the number of individual units that were bought via their website . It hardly seems worth taking that kind of risk in the first place , does it ? Yet the startup ecosystem - and it is a global problem - seems to have a habit of confusing innovation and pushing boundaries with straight up deception . There is a huge difference between taking a calculated risk and telling a lie and hoping the desired outcome manifests out of thin air . The big issue is that as an ecosystem , we seem to have this weird hesitation when it comes to calling founders that have engaged in such deceptive conduct out on their bullshit . Yes , we should be mindful not to kick people while they are down but we should also avoid the current status quo of giving them an encouraging pat on the back and going down the path of the old " onwards and upwards " rhetoric . It is ok to make mistakes as a startup founder , and in fact it should be expected . But we should not reward or ignore when startup founders tell lies because it is bad for the entire ecosystem . It makes it harder for mainstream society to trust us as a community and it turns us into a stereotype , and once a business sector is categorised like that the reputation is almost impossible to escape - think of the used car salesmen . The pioneers of Australia 's startup scene have worked too hard to have the goodwill of the sector tarnished . Startups like Alphatise and Sociabl were very early examples in the local scene where we saw the startup brotherhood culture emerge as opposed to founders of note stating that the go - to - market behaviours exhibited by these companies were unacceptable . A change is coming however in 2017 and the Lily Robotics case could very well be the catalyst . Startups that lie will be caught out : customers expect transparency and entities like the ACCC are going to be taking a lot more notice of the startup ecosystem because it is a major part of the government 's agenda . You can still aspire to execute on big ideas and be an ethical company . So let 's do that .
JOB TODAY , a tech startup on its way to become Europe 's leading mobile jobs marketplace , today announced a media deal which will help the company to grow even faster . The Luxembourg - based startup has made a bet on digitizing recruitment with its mobile - first approach , doing away with clunky CVs , and introducing a built - in messaging platform to make communication between employers and applicants more immediate . In the short time since launch in 2015 , JOB TODAY attracted two 200 K employers , processed 35 million job applications , and brought on board world - class investors . The jobs marketplace just announced a $ 35 million gross media deal with Europe 's major broadcasters represented by RTL Germany , German Media Pool , and Atresmedia . RTL Group owns RTL Germany and holds a strategic minority shareholding in Atresmedia . With interests in 60 television channels and 31 radio stations , RTL Group reaches audiences around the world and owns stakes in TV channels and radio stations in Germany , France , Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , Spain , Hungary , Croatia and South East Asia . This new partnership builds on a successful earlier investment in JOB TODAY by Atresmedia in Spain , as well as an investment by Channel 4 ( UK ) . Polina Montano , COO of JOB TODAY , stated : " Finding a job is a vital necessity for millions of youths and general population all across Europe . It 's about time we leverage technology to solve a very human problem . We 're disrupting a $ 270 billion global blue collar recruitment market , most of which is still offline , and the incumbents simply can not respond quickly enough . " Over one million job applications are submitted to local employers via the company 's apps every single week . JOB TODAY 's mobile apps have become popular with small businesses such as restaurants and shops ; the service has also attracted some of the biggest brands including McDonald 's , EAT , Pizza Express , Holiday Inn and Benefit Cosmetics . With support from the leading broadcasters in the UK , Germany , and Spain , JOB TODAY is in a unique position to accelerate its Pan - European growth . JOB TODAY was founded in 2014 and has previously raised a total of $ 30 million from Accel Partners , Mangrove Capital , Flint Capital , and others .
Presented by K - Startup Grand Challenge 2017 Last August , PK Mishra boarded a Korea - bound plane from San Francisco , along with his co - founder at Fingertips Lab , Ben Park . After a successful crowdfunding campaign for their in - car Bluetooth controller , Mishra and Park , who spent his early years in Korea , needed a manufacturer that could meet their demands for precision and quality . " The O6 control dial needs to look and feel at home in a luxury car . Most OEMs ca n't handle our demands or give us confidence in their manufacturing process . The ones in Korea are a cut above , " Park said . What 's notable in this story is n't that Fingertips Lab found an OEM in Korea . Thousands of companies do that each year . It 's that the Korean government paid their team to come to Seoul for three months of expenses - paid acceleration , investor matchmaking and mentoring , as part of a program called the K - Startup Grand Challenge . In its inaugural year , the government - backed accelerator selected 40 startups looking to expand in Asia . Since then , those companies have secured over $ 5.5 M in local and international investments , signed 30 contracts and 120 MOUs , and filed numerous patents . A striking 70 percent established a legal entity in Korea and 80 percent had a local member join their team during the program . Fingertips Lab went on to win first place at the program 's demo day , receiving a $ 100,000 grant and follow - on investment from 500 Startups and local angels . They also opened negotiations with Hyundai Motors , the world 's fourth - largest automaker , along with Korea - based distributors . Through June 7th , organizers are accepting applications for batch two of the K - Startup Grand Challenge . SP Apply for the K - Startup Grand Challenge This year they ' ve expanded the program to include 50 startups and four months of acceleration . Startups selected will receive $ 12,000 to cover living expenses over four months , plus funding towards round - trip flights to Korea . Non - financial incentives include office space and prototyping facilities in a $ 160 million startup campus , located within walking distance of many Korean tech giants like Kakao and Naver , and a 14 minute subway ride from Gangnam . " Our time in Korea was more valuable than I could have guessed , " said Jazz Tan , Founder and CEO of Malaysia - based startup YouthsToday . During her stay in Korea , Tan signed agreements with numerous universities and student organizations , giving her access to more than 600,000 university students in Korea . This gave YouthsToday , a platform that helps students secure corporate sponsorship for events , its first foothold in a foreign country . " As a startup , we could n't have afforded the cost or risk of expansion without the support the Korean government provided , " Tan said . " We were even able to hire a local manager and an intern to look after the business in Korea when I returned to Malaysia . " Preksh , the runner up at the 2016 Demo Day , registered a patent in Korea for its unique augmented reality solution and are in the process of signing a deal with a major retailer , which serves more than one million shoppers per week . Fourth place winner , Imagga makes a powerful image recognition API . While in Korea they collaborated with KIA Motors and they are still leveraging the network formed during the program to grow their business in Asia . Nathan Millard , whose company , G3 Partners , is working to support the K - Startup Grand Challenge , has witnessed the development of Korea 's startup ecosystem over the past five years . " When I started working with Korean startups in 2012 , there were few signs that Seoul had potential as a regional startup hub . Just a few years later there 's a thriving ecosystem and some great local success cases , in part fueled by support from both the private and public purse , " he explained . Millard believes that Korea serves as an optimal test market for expansion in Asia , thanks to a confluence of factors . " Korea is safe and stable . Koreans are tech - savvy and open to foreign brands . Korea also provides easy access to over 2 billion potential customers in Asia just a short flight away , " he said . " And did I mention that Korea boasts the among the world 's fastest mobile internet speeds and that 88% of Koreans own a smartphone ? " Korea is also home to global brands like Samsung , LG and Hyundai who have signed on to support K - Startup Grand Challenge . On account of the nation 's manufacturing heritage tech talent is abundant and 64% of Koreans hold a university degree . This presents startups with a fertile recruiting ground . Bloomberg also ranked Korea No . 1 in its annual innovation lists in 2015 and 2016 . Tech startups that are less than five years old and have an MVP ( minimum viable product ) , can apply online for this year 's K - Startup Grand Challenge by June 7 . The program kicks off in the fall . Sponsored posts are content produced by a company that is either paying for the post or has a business relationship with VentureBeat , and they 're always clearly marked . Content produced by our editorial team is never influenced by advertisers or sponsors in any way . For more information , contact sales@venturebeat.com .
Updating your website involves more than just rearranging words and pictures on the homepage . Changing your website involves implementing new technology behind the scenes , eliminating dot - com domains and using research to optimize pages to capture your audience 's attention . Just think about your website two , five , 10 years ago . Chances are , it looked quite a bit different from the version you have today . All businesses need to keep up with modern internet technology if they want to maintain their competitive edge . So it 's important to keep an eye on emerging website trends and anticipate how evolving tech will impact the creative direction of your website . Attention spans are shortening and the amount of content living online is growing exponentially , so expect to see data influence the future of your website 's looks and operating systems . Not sure what trends you should be paying attention to ? Here are some examples . When we think of ecommerce , we typically think of logging on to a website store or using a mobile app to do all of our shopping . But virtual reality could be changing how we shop in the very near future . Imagine putting on a VR headset and instead of browsing a flat website catalogue you could be walking through a virtual store or viewing things around a showroom . EBay actually launched what it calls the world 's first virtual reality department store , partnering with an Australian - based retailer to bring shoppers an opportunity to shop from home . Though implementing virtual reality on an ecommerce site might take time and money , it could be the way of the future -- and a new way for businesses to gather information on how their customers shop . Finding the best domain name for your new business can be a major challenge . Luckily , website owners are no longer limited to just one or two options to the right of the dot . Businesses , brands and individuals have hundreds of new choices when selecting their digital identities , from " dot - clothing " ( .clothing ) to " dot - boutique " ( .boutique ) to " dot - style " ( .style ) and " dot - shopping " ( .shopping ) . " Businesses in all industries can pick a domain name that tells the world exactly who they are and what they do , " say Paul Stahura , co - founder and CEO of Donuts Inc. , an internet domain registry that operates nearly 200 of these extensions , dubbed " not - com " domain names . " New businesses can stand out from the crowd in a way that was never possible before , and tell the world what business they 're in . For example : No one would know what Driftaway.com is , but www . Driftaway.coffee tells the world that it is a coffee business . Amici.com does not tell the world anything about your business , but www . Amici.catering tells prospective clients that it is a catering business . " While many small to mid - size businesses are quickly jumping aboard the " not - com " domain train , big enterprises have been trading " dot - com " names for more memorable ones . For example , Lady Gaga 's non - profit organization uses BornThisWay.foundation and Alphabet , Google 's parent company , announced their homepage live at ABC.xyz . Even retail giant Amazon is using domain name endings such as www . Amazon n.clothin and www . Amazon n.shoe to redirect visitors to the appropriate shopping page on its website , while also enhancing SEO . Technology is becoming smarter every day and it 's time for businesses , particularly in ecommerce , to include some type of anticipatory artificial intelligence into their websites . A website is more than just a page with pretty pictures and words . Designed properly , a website can relay information about your site visitors and use data on previous customers to predict their needs in the future . More data translates to increased personalization on various websites , which could lead to a more immersive user experience . Take Amazon for example . The Seattle retailer is working on technology it says is " anticipatory shipping , " a method that will deliver packages before customers even click buy . Not only will anticipatory technology cut down on delivery time and inefficient service , it could also improve customer satisfaction and increase loyalty to a particular brand . Using a customer 's previous order information and shopping habits , data pulled from the Amazon website , Amazon can predict demand based on a variety of factors and begin to show customers more personalized shopping ads based on their past behaviors . With newer , faster and more powerful smartphones hitting the market , websites are increasingly becoming more mobile . Responsive design is no longer an optional feature for websites -- it 's the difference between keeping your customers and repelling them to your competitors . And now websites need to take their capabilities one step further and begin incorporating augmented reality into their web designs . Pokemon Go , the hit mobile game , brought augmented reality right into the mainstream and caught the attention of marketers looking for the next big thing . Augmented reality is not the same thing as virtual reality . In AR , users are offered graphical enhancements to the physical environment they 're living in . The eyewear industry incorporates AR into their websites seamlessly . Sites such as Lenscrafters have specific websites that allow customers to virtually try on any eyewear product in the Lenscrafters ' stock . If you work in the ecommerce space or sell items that need to be tried on prior to purchase , revamping your website to accommodate AR might be good to look into . Technology is changing rapidly and evolving trends make it difficult for websites to stay static . Companies need a competitive edge and the best way to do so is identifying differentiating factors that help your website stand out . Trends like the " not - com " revolution and the growing presence of virtual reality will result in websites that are about more than just media and content . Elena Titova is a serial entrepreneur and user experience expert based in New York City . She has been working in fintech , web and app development startups . Her areas of interest include Virtual Reality , business strategy and creat ...
We 're in town for a few days and we 're excited to meet all of you at the Pittsburgh Micro - Meetup tonight . In preparation for Disrupt New York and our upcoming TC Sessions series on robotics , John Biggs and I are in Pittsburgh to talk to some startups . Come out , chat and have some food and drinks compliments of our sponsors , Duolingo and TrueFit . We will meet at The Shop on April 11 at 7 pm , a new place near Bakery Square . Please RSVP ASAP . We also need lots and lots of startups , preferably in hardware . Startups will have two minutes to pitch and two minutes of questioning from a set of amazing judges ( to be named . ) Thanks to Kit Mueller and The Shop for the help so far . The companies pitching are Sewnr , Adrich , Roadbotics , Pitshownow , Ristcall , SensePlatypus , MavenMachines , Rc21x , Hustle . Fitness and RubyRide .
Sole proprietors , or solopreneurs , represent many small businesses throughout the United States and across the globe . In America alone , more than a third of the entire workforce engaged in some kind of independent work in 2015 -- a growth of 700,000 workers compared to 2014 . More than 10 million people rely on freelance gigs for more than half of their total income . Considering how easy it can be to waste hours of your precious time , arming yourself with the right tools can help you reach your full productivity potential : Due is a free digital wallet that enables you to process payments online . Though relatively new in the digital payment space , its simple features make it a lot easier to use than some of its competitors . Every transaction that you initiate is encrypted and tracked for potential fraud . SP Using SP next - generation technology , Due lets you secure your funds so that your personal data is always protected . Due allows users to embed one of their invoices ( you can customize it ) on your website -- so that clients will feel more confident to pay you directly from your website . The pricing is clear : a 2.8 percent transaction fee on domestic and global credit card processing . As if that was n't enough , there 's no setup or hidden fees and you receive funds in one or two business days . Fuze is a unified communications tool for teams . Whether you 're working with 5 people or 50 , , you can power every aspect of your businesses ' communication in real - time . You can experience seamless communications across desktop and mobile platforms . It comes with voice , video , and messaging features to ensure that your projects actually work . Fuze also aids organizations to host meetings in a corporate environment or on the go . Though the pricing may be on the high side , keep in mind that you get what you pay for . Efficiency does n't always come cheap . What we 're looking at here is a tool that simplifies real - time collaboration , multi - party video , and full duplex audio , as well as integrates with other third - party tools such as Microsoft Outlook , Google Calendar , and Lync . Honestly , what more can you ask for ? BrightPod is a web - based project management and time - tracking software . Think Trello , but geared toward digital marketers and creative teams . SP The user - friendly SP interface makes tracking tasks , projects , and ideas easier than ever before . For greater efficiency , it 's important to set up a board to manage each stage of your client 's workflow . BrightPod 's features give managers the ability to create an editorial calendar that tracks content and social plans . Assistant.to is a free tool for Gmail and Outlook that allows you to book meetings with a single email . Finally , no more playing email tag and going back and forth with someone . Just install the extension , and click to give access to your calendar . From there , you write an email in Gmail , then add a recipient to the invitation . Tap on the Assistant.to logo at the lower right - hand corner of the screen , and the scheduling window will open . Over time , the platform will start to learn about the most common places and times you schedule meetings , so you can schedule future meetings in a few seconds . In a different time zone than the person you 're meeting with ? No problem , the platform automatically handles that for you . Assistant.to integrates with a number of meeting platforms , like Uber rConferenc , Google Hangouts , Join.me , WebEx , and GoToMeeting . When any of these are listed in the location field , all recipients get a unique link . SaneBox allows you to reach the ever - elusive inbox zero in minutes . It works with any email platform . It analyzes everything in your email box and learns what 's important , and what 's not . When the analysis is done , everything that 's not important goes to a folder called " SaneLater " so you can deal with it later when you have time . You can also adjust settings as needed to set reminders , snooze emails , automatically upload attachments to the cloud , see emails sent with no reply , and unsubscribe from mailing lists in seconds . After a 14-day free trial , you can choose plans starting at $ 7/month , with discounts for annual or bi - annual subscriptions . YesWare finally solves the dreaded " Did they read my email ? " problem using email tracking Aside from featuring beautiful and functional email templates , YesWare automatically tracks open and reply rates so you can split - test and learn the emails that get the best results . Plus , you can automate your sales by sending a series of automated follow - up emails to prospects . You can also schedule emails to be sent later , and place phone calls with a click to call feature . After a 14-day free trial , you can sign up for a paid plan with pricing starting at $ 15/user / month , with discounts for annual billing . Zapier is a task automation tool that can shave hours off your week if you 're stuck doing the same things over and over . With hundreds of app integrations , you can connect your apps to automate workflows . For instance , when you get an email with an attachment in Gmail , you can have it automatically upload to Dropbox . When you post an update to Facebook , you can have it automatically post to Twitter . You can create Trello cards using new images in Gmail . There 's a free forever plan , with limited zaps , but the paid plan opens up premium apps and more zaps . Paid plans start at $ 20/month . If you 're on a budget and want a completely free tool , you can use If This Then That . Just keep in mind that SP the integrations library wo n't be quite as large , so if there are certain premium apps you use in the course of your business , this might not work for you . But , if you 're using it for basic automation tasks , it 's certainly something to keep in mind . Focus Booster is a tool that makes it easy for freelancers to implement the Pomodoro Technique . That technique involves working in 25-minute spurts , with a five - minute break interval . This is supposed to help clear the mind and make it easier to work through various tasks and keep you focused . The technique is near impossible to implement regularly without carrying a timer around with you , so Focus Booster is the online timer that does it for you . There 's a free plan that allows for 20 sessions a month , so you can try it and see if it works for you . If you find that it works for you and you want to keep using it , you can upgrade to the individual plan for $ 3/month to get 200 sessions a month . If you find that you love it and want to use it all the time , then it 's just $ 5/month for unlimited sessions . Hubstaff is a time - tracking program that includes screenshots , so you can prove to clients you 're working on their project . It also includes the ability to track invoices and payments . If you 're working with a team , you can process their payments with the platform , too . It integrates with several apps , including Basecamp , Wrike , Podio , Insightly , Trello , and GitHub . After a 14-day free trial , pricing starts at $ 5/month with two months free for annual purchases . There 's also a free plan for a single user with limited screenshot storage . Meet Edgar is a simple social media management platform . With it , you can manage your social accounts and double your traffic with social media . It 's an invitation - only platform . Meet Edgar enables you to create and build up a proven library of social posts that can be scheduled to go out every day . You can track how your posts are performing on different social channels . The Pro version that gives your team more advanced features starts at $ 49/month . Yes , it will take a bit of time to set up all these tools , whether you choose to use one or all of them . But once you get them all setup and integrated into your workflow , you 'll be able to spend less time on the administration side of your business , and more time on the money - making side ... and who does n't love that ? Eric Sachs is a self - taught , nationally recognized SEO expert who helps businesses revolutionize their online marketing efforts . He began his career in internet marketing in affiliate work and then as the Director of Marketing for a Souther ...
Another food delivery startup dies . Manhattan - based Maple , a startup that prepared and delivered meals without the help of restaurants , is shutting down after launching nearly two years ago and raising $ 29 million from Thrive , Greenoaks , and New York food deity David Chang . Not long after its launch , Maple was touted as " insanely efficient " and " Chipotle - crushing , " but documents leaked last year showed the business was burning cash with every meal it moved . Maple announced its shutdown in New York -- its sole market -- in an email to customers today . At the end of its letter , the company said " some members of the Maple team will join Deliveroo , " a U.K. restaurant delivery service similar to U.S .- based Grubhub . " Our technology will be used to help accelerate growth and efficiency across the platform , " the letter said .
Huge companies in fast - changing , technology - intensive businesses buy startups . After all , they have the money and need fresh entrepreneurial talent to tap new markets and stay abreast of disruption . That 's the collective wisdom about M&A in venture capital and startup circles . It 's also how the venture business survives . Though IPOs may get more attention , acquisitions account for the vast majority of startup exits and a majority of venture returns . But what if the common wisdom is n't true ? What if companies could do perfectly well adjusting to changing conditions , beating competitors and sustaining enormous market capitalizations without buying scrappy startups?To delve into that hypothesis , we used Crunchbase data to help assemble a list of the least acquisitive large - cap companies . The primary focus was technology companies , but we included other sectors because leaders in retail , consumer products , shipping and pretty much any other industry also invest heavily in tech . The resultant list shows that many companies with reputations as innovators actually do n't do much M&A. Some did in the past , but have cut back or stopped in recent years . Others have never shown an appetite for acquisitions . Here are some of the most recognizable names on our list of big companies least likely to buy your startup . Netflix seems like the kind of company that would do a lot of acquiring . It has a valuation around $ 60 billion , an innovative , risk - taking corporate culture and investors who are comfortable with the company trading at a high multiple relative to earnings . Yet , according to Crunchbase data , the Los Gatos , Calif .- based streaming video giant has never bought a startup ( at least not a disclosed purchase).While Netflix does n't buy startups , it does have a history of spending generously on content and licensing deals . Earlier this month , the company struck its first licensing deal in China with the streaming platform iQIYI . It 's also entered into licensing deals with a long list of Hollywood studios , including NBC Universal and others . Shares of the graphics chipmaker have been on a tear for the past year , and the company 's market value recently surged past $ 60 billion . Yet the Silicon Valley company has only made one acquisition in the past six years , after a prior pace of about a deal a year . The last time it made a disclosed acquisition was 2015 , and that was a tiny deal , paying $ 3.75 million to acquire seed - funded cloud gaming startup TransGaming . Between 2002 and 2011 , Crunchbase shows Nvidia making about one acquisition a year , including some large deals . For its last big purchase , in 2011 , the company bought Icera , a developer of mobile broadband modem technology , for $ 367 million . It 's hard to make a case that not buying startups has been bad for Nvidia 's competitiveness . The company posted a 50 percent revenue surge for the second straight quarter in its last earnings report . Its net income for the past year totaled nearly $ 1.7 billion . Texas Instruments is one of those companies that no one in Silicon Valley talks about . Perhaps that 's because it 's based in Dallas , has been around since the 1950s and has a brand famously associated with 1970s calculators . Nonetheless , Texas Instrument t is a big player in the semiconductor space , with a valuation around $ 80 billion and profit of about $ 8 billion a year . It 's also not very acquisitive these days . The last time Texas Instruments made a disclosed acquisition , according to Crunchbase data , was 2011 , when it bought National Semiconductor for $ 6.5 billion . Maybe TI is still digesting that giant purchase . Before buying National Semiconductor , TI was reasonably acquisitive , buying about 10 companies from 2002 to 2011 , including some venture - backed startups . But it hasn't been back to the table in a long time . Applied Materials is another company that used to do acquisitions fairly often but hasn't made a new one in years . Like Texas Instruments , Applied 's last big acquisition was enormous . The company paid $ 4.9 billion in 2011 for Varian Semiconductor , a developer of semiconductor processing equipment . For a company with a market capitalization north of $ 40 billion , Applied has never been particularly acquisitive . But six years is a long dry spell . Although it hasn't been buying startups , Applied Materials has been investing in them . Its corporate VC arm , Applied Ventures , has participated in at least 46 funding rounds since 2006 , including several in the past year . We all know Home Depot sells flooring , drills and other tools ; therefore , it is n't expected to be snapping up quantum computing startups . But a lot of startup innovation happens in retail , as well , so one might expect a retailer valued at $ 180 billion to buy a few venture - backed companies to stay competitive . That hasn't been the case . According to Crunchbase , the last time Home Depot snagged a startup was five years ago . The hardware retail chain bought BlackLocus , an early - stage developer of pricing software that had previously raised a couple million dollars . The same year , it also bought Redbeacon , a site for getting price quotes and finding professionals to work on one 's home . Other companies with massive valuations that are n't much into buying startups these days include UPS , Procter & Gamble and Citigroup . All have the financial resources for more M&A , just not the appetite . One conclusion to take away from track records of these non - acquisitive companies is that buying startups may be more a strategic preference than a necessity . It 's obvious many large - cap tech companies -- Google , Microsoft , Oracle and Facebook , to name a few -- have a history of both acquiring a lot of startups and sustaining massive valuations . But clearly , that 's not the only way to stay on top .
SAN FRANCISCO & TEL AVIV , Israel-(BUSINESS WIRE)-May 4 , 2017- YL Ventures , the premier seed stage venture capital firm headquartered SP in Silicon Valley while investing in Israel , today announced it has closed its third fund , YLV III . The new fund builds on the success of SP its two prior funds , both of which generated returns in the top quartile SP of all North American Venture Capital funds , according to Preqin . YLV III was significantly over - subscribed with nearly 100 percent of SP existing YLV II investors participating , and closed on $ 75 million , 25 SP percent above its target of $ 60 million . The fund will invest in seed SP stage Israeli companies in high - growth sectors including cybersecurity , SP enterprise software , autonomous vehicles , drone technologies and VR / AR . 1 SP YLV III aims to invest in two to three companies per year . Initial seed SP investments will be $ 2 - 3 million , with YL Ventures leading the rounds . A SP large portion of the fund is reserved to participate in U.S. VC - led SP follow - on rounds of its portfolio companies . SP Heading the new fund is Silicon Valley - based Managing Partner Yoav SP Andrew Leitersdorf , a serial entrepreneur and early stage investor for SP 25 years who founded the firm in 2007 . Rounding out the team is Ofer SP Schreiber , partner , leading the Israeli office ; Iren Reznikov , senior SP analyst , and Sharon Seemann , marketing director . YL Ventures is SP currently recruiting additional investment professionals to join its SP Silicon Valley and Tel Aviv offices . SP Leitersdorf attributes the heightened interest in YLV III to soaring SP cybersecurity spending , expected to exceed $ 202 billion in 2021 , SP according to Markets&Markets , and the deep domain expertise and SP experience in cybersecurity that Israeli entrepreneurs possess , most of SP who graduated from the IDF 's intelligence units . SP " For YL Ventures , this convergence represents an opportunity to address SP evolving security risks and leverage Israel 's unique talent pool to meet SP mounting global demand for the most effective solutions , " said SP Leitersdorf . SP " Israel is a well - known powerhouse for cybersecurity and related SP technological innovation . We are able to harness that expertise to SP expand into new sectors that leverage artificial intelligence , machine SP learning , computer vision , big data and robotics , all of which are SP highly relevant to our new fund . While remaining extremely selective , we SP can vet ideas fast , devote substantial attention to helping our SP companies scale , and provide a lot of value post - investment . " SP YL Ventures is also expanding its leadership team with the addition of a SP number of high - caliber and experienced venture advisors . Justin Somaini , SP chief security officer at SAP , is the first of these . A prominent SP security industry angel investor , board member and advisor to many SP security startups , Somaini said he is eager to deepen his relationship SP with YL Ventures and assist early - stage cybersecurity startups coming SP out of Israel to scale their businesses globally . SP " I ' ve been collaborating with YL Ventures for some years now and know SP they have unparalleled access to Israeli cybersecurity talent and SP innovation , " he said . " I ' m looking forward with great anticipation to SP working more closely with the entrepreneurs the fund selects to help SP them bring the next wave of technological innovation to market . " SP Based in both Silicon Valley and Tel Aviv , the firm has early SP and deep access to the Israeli entrepreneurial ecosystem as well as SP an active presence and strong network in the U.S. SP " Out of the hundreds of startup ideas we evaluate every year , we only SP invest in the select few we believe are the most brilliant . This enables SP us to truly partner with the founders , actively support each company and SP give it the full attention it deserves , " said Schreiber . " We then SP leverage our Silicon Valley presence to create business opportunities SP and guide founders through the challenges of penetrating global markets SP and building great companies . It 's a model that is not easily reproduced SP and creates a true win / win for entrepreneurs and investors . " SP This model has yielded a track record of successful exits . The combined SP funds , YLV I and II , have invested in 10 companies , five of which have SP already been successfully acquired . Most recently , FireLayers ( cloud SP access security broker ) was acquired by Proofpoint , and BlazeMeter SP ( performance testing platform for DevOps ) was acquired by CA . SP Among the current YL Ventures portfolio companies : Twistlock , SP ( virtual container security ) , which last week announced SP a $ 17 million Series B funding round ; Karamba SP Security ( Autonomous Security for autonomous and connected cars ) ; SP and Hexadite SP ( security orchestration and automation ) . SP Yair Grindlinger , FireLayers co - founder and now vice president of SP Information Protection Products at Proofpoint , said , " YL Ventures was SP not just an investor , they were an integral part of our team and SP essential to our successful exit . YLV 's entire model is built around SP helping entrepreneurs . They commit time and resources and continue to SP back the companies over the long - term . " SP Resources : YL SP Ventures Portfolio CompaniesVideos : YL SP Ventures " Our Story"Portfolio SP TestimonialsBlogs : Trends SP in Israel 's Cybersecurity InvestmentsIsraeli SP Startups Deliver Much Needed Tech for Self - driving CarsThe SP Drone Race is off and RunningExits : The SP Story of FireLayers , From a Shabby Steakhouse in Netanya to a $ 55 SP Million Exit to Proofpoint tTh SP Inside Story of BlazeMeter , from First VC Meeting to Exit SP Tweet This : .@ YLVentures closes $ 75 M fund for seed stage Israeli SP entrepreneurs # cybersecurity # drones # AI # autonomouscars http://bit.ly/2pik3ya SP About YL Ventures SP YL Ventures is a seed - stage venture capital firm that invests in SP cybersecurity , enterprise software , autonomous vehicles , drone SP technologies and VR / AR companies , with particular focus on the Israeli SP market . Currently investing out of its $ 75 million third fund , YL SP Ventures accelerates the evolution of portfolio companies via strategic SP advice and Silicon Valley - based operational execution . SP 1 Cybersecurity $ 202B market by 2021 ; Enterprise Software SP $ 357B market in 2016 ; Drones $ 127B by 2020 ; Autonomous Vehicles $ 70B by SP 2030 , VR / AR $ 162B by 2020 . Source : Markets&Markets , Gartner , PWC , Intel , SP IDC SP View source version on businesswire.com : http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170504005031/en/ SP Media : Montner Tech PRDeb Montner , 203-226-9290dmontner@montner.comorYL SP VenturesSharon Seemannsharon@ylventures.com SP
If you did n't know , New Orleans is a hot bed for innovative startups and budding entrepreneurs . Whether it 's the southern hospitality or the innovative spirit of the bayou , startup founders of all shapes and sizes flock to this southern haven for the support and inspiration you can only expect in somewhere as unique as New Orleans . New Orleans Entrepreneur Week is an innovative showcase of startups and entrepreneurs that call this southern city home . You 'll see everything from philanthropic startups to industry - changing ideas at this conference , along with delicious food and enough culture to make your head spin . I will be judging the Delta Entrepreneurship Network Pitch Competition tomorrow , March 21st at 10 am in hopes of discovering new startups in this burgeoning ecosystem . If you happen to be in the area , come to the Ace Hotel at 10 am to check out some of these innovative startups before they make it it big : Myra Mirrors is currently developing an operating system that will seamlessly integrate information into the surfaces in your home . As a proof of concept we are developing a consumer product , Myra . Myra is a luxury home smart mirror designed to simplify life . EntreLinc offers a solution to large corporations and enterprises , serving their supply chains through smaller businesses that can meet their product and service needs while helping them drive innovation and inclusion . This company develops educational instructions with technical training content that enhances learning and knowledge reinforcement to today 's students , instructors , and training managers . The platform includes tools for analytics , data analysis , job support , technical content research , content recommendations to provide users and clients with assessments and real time feed back . The Lighting Bug , technically called the Light Safety Control Module ( LSCM ) is a new product that assures immediate and automatic recovery from a headlight failure . For less than $ 100 per vehicle and five minutes of installation time , the patented technology in the Lighting Bug can prevent the many negative outcomes by automatically depowering the high - beam to " function " as a low - beam . My Veggie Chef removes the friction of trying to eat healthy by eliminating time wasted on planning , shopping , and chopping . It takes the guess work out of what is healthy . They create a weekly package of 5 plant - based meals of four servings each . Meals are frozen to lock in the freshness . They keep it affordable and ship it directly to your door . Somavac Medical Solutions is creating a wearable suction device for the removal and collection of post - surgical fluids after major surgeries , like mastectomies and hernia repairs , that affects more than 70,000 patients a year in the US alone . Energy H20 is an artesian mineral water company . Their goal is to provide entrepreneurs and consumers with this superior artesian mineral ( alkaline ) water in a Biphenyl a ( BPA ) free , environmentally friendly bottle in various sizes . Kalikoe is a fintech startup is an add - on toll that allows content developers to monetize their social media videos without the need for intrusive ads . Skycision is a world leader in providing decision support to farmers based on proprietary technology which converts aerial imagery to actionable data . Skycision 's technology is world class in diagnosing crop stress , disease , fertilization needs , and other issues farmers face on a weekly and seasonal basis . Cocoa Belle Chocolates creates artisan made chocolate products inspired by Southern desserts for a nostalgic not novelty taste . Cocoa Belle offers monthly subscriptions of curated boxes shipped conveniently to your door . Think Ink Recycling is proposing a plan to divert and reduce waste being dumped at Stones Throw Landfill , and develop a Material Recovery Facility with waste transfer station and a Household Hazardous waste facility . While implementing a curbside service program and recycling drop - off sites for recyclable material . Let 's be honest , the current education puts no emphasis on cooking . Despite the culinary arts being a more than suitable profession , there is a woeful lack of education for these positions . Edible Education fixes this by providing a la cart education for people that want to learn how to cook . Let 's get straight to the point ; Bootsie 's Delta Funk BBQ is here to funk up your food . Handcrafted in the heart of Mississippi , this company provides souther barbecue at it 's very best . There are at least 200,000 mobile technicians that work for car dealers and body shops . Cosmetic CAR TECH 's main goal is to bring underground mobile technicians and the retail market together . Most people do n't know how to find these mobile technicians and , with Cosmetic CAR TECH , they come to you at your convenience . HABERDAShe is a made - to - measure brand for women 's suiting using a virtual fit digital platform . 3D body scanning extracts customer measurements , virtual fitting rooms mimic the weight , and drape of the fabric so the customer can experience the garment on a personal avatar and computer aided design software ( CAD ) allows us to make one garment at a time to each customer 's fit specifications . RaftUp has developed an amazing and fun namesake mobile app for recreational boating which uniquely integrates with a next generation 911 software as as service platform . The mobile application provides end users with the ability to find and add friends , interact with a mobile map with points of interest , and notify and request assistance through an SOS feature that alerts and shares a user 's position in real time to nearby users , friended users , 911 , or an outdoor outfitter business . Read more about the New Orleans startup ecosystem here at Tech . Co
The brick warehouses that line Winnipeg 's Exchange District , the business district for this city in the middle of Canada , look the same as they did in the mid - nineteenth century , but commodity traders and grain transporters have moved out and tech companies have moved in . While agriculture and manufacturing , the industries on which Winnipeg historically relied , faced increasing pressure over the past few decades , the city has developed a tech sector that enabled Winnipeg to reinvent itself and grow in a way mid - sized cities with troubled industrial legacies can follow . The foundation of Winnipeg 's tech scene is not unusual ; most cities with a few hundred thousand people have the same essential features as Winnipeg 's tech community . Winnipeg 's commitment to cultivating tech companies is unique , though . That focus has enabled Winnipeg to turn itself from just another city with a strong university with a good engineering school ( the University of Manitoba ) , a low cost of living and a few areas that have been historic strengths ( agriculture , electricity transmission and microbiology ) into an attractive place to build a tech company -- if you do n't mind the cold . When speaking with Winnipeg entrepreneurs about how they built their companies , one phrase continually turns up , " Well , I knew a guy in high school . " Winnipeg , while home to 600,000 people , still manages to retain a small - town feel . Founders can easily speak with experts in any number of fields just by seeing who they went to high school with and who those people know . Winnipeg has capitalized on that combination of small - town feel and big - city resources to become a hub for machine learning companies working on solutions for industries like agriculture and construction that others have been reluctant to touch , in large part since doing so requires knowledge of those industries in addition to ML expertise . Farmers Edge , a precision agriculture company , helped kick - start Winnipeg 's tech scene by showing how the combination of machine learning and deep industry knowledge can result in a high - flying company . Farmers Edge was started by Wade Barnes and Curtis MacKinnon after growing up on local farms and working together as agronomists . Over the past decade , Farmers Edge has grown from Wade 's basement to an international company with well over $ 100 million in funding from VCs , including Kleiner Perkins . Farmers Edge offers a farm management platform , FarmCommand , that enables farmers to use data collected from Farmers Edge - installed on - site weather stations and equipment sensors to make decisions on everything from what to plant and where , to the best way to nurture crops based on real - time data and how to optimize harvests . While Monsanto and DuPont , Farmers Edge 's main competitors , have excelled in the U.S. 's public data - rich agriculture sector , Farmers Edge has an advantage in data - sparse environments because of the company 's unique private weather network . That has enabled Farmers Edge to sign up millions of acres across Canada , Brazil , Australia , Eastern Europe and other areas with limited public weather stations while the company 's main competitors are still trying to adapt to the demands of data - sparse agriculture , the dominant way agriculture is conducted around the world . As Farmers Edge achieved global recognition , it also helped Winnipeg develop into an agtech hub that combines the region 's rich farming history with local engineering and ML expertise . Companies like BL Photonics , which introduced low - cost spectrophotometry as a way to test wine as it develops , and Wolf Trax , a company working to optimize fertilizer 's distribution of nutrients and ability to be used by plants , have sprouted up in recent years as farmers increasingly partner with professors from the local University of Manitoba , engineers and entrepreneurs to start companies . While Canada 's tech scene has been historically concentrated on the coasts , companies are rapidly recognizing the appeal of moving to cities like Winnipeg , especially due to the much lower cost . Wally Trenholm , the CEO of Sightline Innovation , a machine learning company focused on real - time quality inspection for the construction sector , started and grew Sightline in Toronto for several years before deciding to relocate to Winnipeg . He noticed in Toronto that his best engineer graduated from the University of Manitoba and Wally had become fed - up with engineers constantly moving between companies . For a company like Sightline that is tackling a highly technical challenge , that constant movement was especially troubling , as it prevented engineers from developing deep expertise in a narrow field . Wally relocated Sightline to Winnipeg and never looked back , characterizing operating in Winnipeg as " 300 percent productivity , 80 percent cost , and 10 percent of the hassle " of being based in Toronto . Winnipeg 's government has made encouraging entrepreneurship a top priority as it recognizes that agriculture and manufacturing can not offer the same opportunities as years past . Winnipeg 's government offers generous tax credits for tech investing and R&D spending , and has encouraged partnerships between startups and government institutions , including labs and hospitals , to aid research . Winnipeg 's mayor , along with companies including Sightline and Invenia , a machine learning company focused on optimizing electrical grids , started EMILI ( Enterprise Machine Intelligence & Learning Initiative ) to educate and encourage entrepreneurship in Winnipeg . EMILI and other local resources , like the Manitoba Technology Accelerator ( which spawned SkipTheDishes , a Winnipegger food delivery startup sold in December 2016 to Just Eat for ~$100 million , and supported Bold Commerce , Shopify 's largest app developer ) , have raised the profile of tech entrepreneurship in Winnipeg and played a critical role in fostering Winnipeg 's tech community . Winnipeg has managed to reinvent itself into a tech hub for central Canada , a region larger than Iran , as the industries Winnipeg historically relied on moved away . The Winnipeg way of creating a tech community , by building on top of unremarkable local attributes , provides a path forward for many mid - sized cities struggling to chart a future . Aiming to become a tech - friendlier city , not the next Silicon Valley , and solving brain - drain issues by encouraging tech entrepreneurship that leverages historical capabilities fueled Winnipeg 's success and provides a replicable model for other cities to follow .
It may be hard to believe , but it 's true : the new equity crowdfunding regulations have officially passed the Senate , opening up equity crowdfunding to retail investors . The changes have been years in the making , with former Minister for Small Business Kelly O'Dwyer introducing the Government 's plans to change existing legislation in 2015 following recommendations made by the Murray Financial System Inquiry earlier that year . The legislation was then shelved early last year before being re - introduced by Treasurer Scott Morrison in November . Under the new rules , unlisted public companies with up to $ 25 million in annual turnover and less than $ 25 million in gross assets will be able to to raise up to $ 5 million via equity crowdfunding platforms over a 12 month period . Retail investors will be able to invest up to $ 10,000 per company in a 12-month period . The bill , an amendment to the Corporations Act , passed with the amendment stipulating that the cooling off period during which investors can change their mind be increased to five days , up from 48 hours . Another point of contention is the stipulation that businesses must be public in order to take part ; despite an amendment exempting businesses from various governance and reporting requirements for five years , many in the industry have criticised this clause . Jonny Wilkinson , cofounder of equity crowdfunding platform Equitise , largely welcomed the passing of the legislation but said there should be no cooling off periods , with the difference between two and five days " marginal " . " No other functioning market has cooling - off periods and it goes against equity crowdfunding be an open and lit market , with more time there is more chance it can be manipulated . We will work hard to monitor the market and do everything we can to run a fair and orderly process for investors and companies , " he said . Jack Quigley , CEO of CrowdfundUP , also welcomed the news but warned that the long delay means Australia lags far behind nations like the US and UK . " The UK and US allow crowdfunding for all types of small companies and are learning and adapting from the industry and experience of investors . What the Australian government is trying to do is forecast everything which is not the best approach and as a result Australia will continue to lag behind on this front , " he said . A number of industry groups have committed to continuing to work with the government to expand the legislation , though this factor has drawn criticism from Labor 's Shadow Minister for the Digital Economy , Ed Husic . Having spoken out against each iteration of the government 's legislation , Husic today called the new equity crowdfunding system a " dodo " , saying it will be dead within the year as the government already looks to new revisions . " We 'll expect more stuff ups and slow downs in getting a fair dinkum equity crowdfunding system in place that can actually deliver for startups . As some startups have said , the idea of turning themselves into an unlisted public company just to access equity crowdfunding makes no sense whatsoever , and we agree . "
The Apptentive team . Photos via Apptentive . SP Apptentive has a new investor and more cash to help fuel its growth . The Seattle startup , which helps mobile app makers retain customers and boost reviews , has reeled in an additional $ 1.7 million , which extends a " Series A-2 " round up to $ 5.3 million . The first $ 3.6 million of the " Series A-2 " round came in this past November and included investors like Origin Ventures ; SurveyMonkey ; Vulcan Capital ; and Blossom Street Ventures . Phoenix - based venture capital firm Grayhawk Capital is the new investor that participated in the " Series A-2 " round . Total funding for the 5-year - old company is now $ 12 million . The new cash will be use to hire more employees ; Apptentive CEO Ganguly told GeekWire in November that the startup planned to go from 30 employees to 55 more more in 2017 . Apptentive 's SDK helps clients like Nordstrom , eBay , Zillow , Microsoft , Sonic , Major League Soccer , IHG , Viacom , power in - app surveys and rating / review prompts . The company , which graduated from Techstars Seattle in 2012 , says it powers more than 25 million in - app customers interactions each month .
Whether it 's a taxi or a rideshare car , getting into a stranger 's vehicle or welcoming a stranger into yours means ignoring that big warning we were given as children : do n't talk to strangers ! Of course , in the vast majority of cases , everything turns out fine and you get to your destination safely , but for many women in particular , the concern in the back of their mind that something could go wrong is constantly there . As a number of studies show , women are conditioned as children to be more fearful than boys , and they get older concerns centered on violence perpetrated by men dominate . Looking to provide women with peace of mind is Georgina McEncroe and her startup Shebah , a rideshare service for female - identifying drivers and passengers only ( boys to the age of 12 travelling with a woman are welcome ) . " As women , safety preoccupies so much of our mental energy . I teach at TAFE at night and have watched the way the girls in my evening class in winter rally around each other at 9 o'clock , asking who 's taking who to the station , who can give someone else a lift , " McEncroe explained . " Then I had a group of largely male students , class finished , and off they went into the night . Being the mother of three boys and one daughter , I see that even though my sons are statistically more likely to be assaulted by a bloke , they never think about it . " Signing up to be an Uber driver herself , McEncroe considered the prospect of something happening to her and realised that an element of the media and wider community would simply say , what did she expect driving drunk men home from King St at 3 am ? McEncroe never ended up taking on an Uber ride ; talking to other women , she saw many shared similar concerns , which had her wondering about the benefit of the sharing economy if women could n't actually partake in it . " It 's leaving huge number of women out of this incredible opportunity that they should be taking up in their tens of thousands . You would think the majority of rideshare drivers should actually be women , because they can work around children and study , " she said . Of course , there are female taxi drivers and rideshare drivers out there - but speaking to as many as she could find over the last year , McEncroe found that they were n't immune to safety concerns either . " Many are driving the cheap shifts ; very few are driving the most lucrative shifts , and the ones that are are carrying nunchucks , pepper spray ... they 've got stories to tell . They 're tough , but they 're still guarded and they ' ve got really strict rules about passengers , " she said . After a divorce , McEncroe decided it was time to bring Shebah to life . She began the journey last year with an ambitious crowdfunding campaign , trying to raise $ 300,000 . While she did n't reach her goal , McEncroe said the campaign did get her a lot of attention that helped her find people who could help make Shebah a reality . McEncroe worked with development agency Hyper to build the app , with her focus trying to satisfy the desires of the female drivers and passengers she had been speaking to . Chief among the concerns for existing rideshare drivers were a pre - booking feature , the ability to both give to and receive detailed feedback from passengers , and a guarantee they would not be removed as a driver from the service without consultation . The Shebah service and app essentially works much like other rideshare services do - a driver signs onto the app and accepts rides like they would on Uber , for example , while passengers on Shebah can similarly get a fare estimate before requesting a ride . Beyond limiting the service to women , Shebah shows it has been designed with women in mind by allowing passengers to easily pre - book a car with a baby capsule or booster seat for young children ( a feature offered by Uber in the US , though not yet in Australia ) . Drivers will be given an extra fee for carrying child seats . Drivers also have the right to refuse a passenger without penalty if they turn up and feel unsafe , or turn up to find a male waiting with the female passenger . The rideshare space is a difficult one for new players to crack thanks to , of course , Uber . The brand is now well - established in pop culture , with ' Uber re ' and ' Uber rin ' now part of the lexicon . Uber 's VC dollars also allow for the discount codes and cheap fares , the main draw for many riders . As such , the pricing of Shebah 's fares will be interesting - I know from speaking to my group of girlfriends that some would pay more for a female Uber driver , while all others are after is the cheap ride . Exact pricing for Shebah is yet to be revealed , but McEncroe is adamant the service will be " competitive " . Shebah will take a 15 percent fee for each ride , with one percent of this to be split between three female - focused charities Shebah is supporting . The service will also give free financial consultations to drivers during the onboarding process , helping them plan for super , sick days , holidays , and so on , with this part of the community feel McEncroe hopes to foster ; Shebah wants to be more than just a rideshare service , but a positive influence and support for women . " We want to the best employer we can be , and make women feel like they 're really part of a community . We want to look after them , and in turn have them treat passengers so well that they feel like they 're coming home , and that there is an army of aunties there to greet them and look after them , " McEncroe said . A few weeks ahead of launch , McEncroe said 1,000 drivers have begun the onboarding process in Queensland , NSW , and Victoria , with around 200 ready to go . Thanks Queensland and NSW regulating ridesharing , much of the onboarding process revolves around satisfying state laws and undertaking state checks , with Shebah then conducting working with children checks and car inspections . Shebah undertakes further checks in Victoria , where regulations around ridesharing are currently being developed . Of the drivers ready or currently being onboarded , McEncroe said the majority are aged around 30 - 60 , many of whom have been driving for their community , doing Meals on Wheels or the like , for some time . As the service grows , McEncroe is hoping to encourage university students to join as drivers and also position Shebah as an option for women looking to get back into the workforce . Shebah will be launching into Sydney , Melbourne , Geelong , Brisbane , and the Gold Coast next month pending testing and approval from the App Store . Having faced criticism from all sides throughout the journey to launch and knowing more will come when the official launch comes , McEncroe said she knows Shebah wo n't be everything to everybody , but nor does she want it to be . " I ' ve had some amazing , gentle cab drivers over the years and I want them to continue driving , because the purpose of my business is not to disadvantage men - you can give something to women without taking anything away from men , " McEncroe said . " Bringing Shebah into the world will not make men less safe or inconvenience them in any way , it just provides a positive option for some women who might want to use it . Some women wo n't give two figs about Shebah , but for some others it could change their whole way of feeling . "
Anne Boden , CEO and founder of Starling Bank . Starling Bank LONDON --Britain is going through a retail banking boom right now , with several new , app - only banks setting up shop . Starling was one of the first . Anne Boden quit her position the COO of Allied Irish Bank ( AIB ) in 2014 to build a mobile - first bank and has been doing that ever since . This week the company received its full banking licence and is set to launch to the public later this year . But Starling faces competition . Last year Atom became the first app - only bank in the UK to launch to the public and Monzo , set up by Starling 's first CTO Tom Blomfield , is also poised to launch app - only current accounts . Tandem , another startup , is also targeting retail customers but has been hit by a funding setback . Business Insider sat down with Boden at last week 's Innovate Finance conference in London to discuss competition in the market , the challenges of building a bank from scratch , plans for profitability and growth , and her relationship with Blomfield today . Here is the transcript of the interview , edited for clarity and brevity . Oscar Williams - Grut : What are the big changes that have gone on in the business in the last year ? Anne Boden : It 's been very exciting because we 're now in a situation where we have a current account , which has all the things that a normal current account has , plus lots of other things which we are developing and iterating all the time . We announced our APIs yesterday , that was very exciting because we ' ve got the first APIs directly connected into a UK current account . We have an API that goes directly into Faster Payments , that 's very exciting . We decided that the best way of launching those APIs into the world was a hackathon so we tweeted about our hackathon and hundreds of people applied . We picked 100 to come to an event which we held at Google Campus . We were thrilled that we had great reception . People started using them , figuring it out . We gave them their own cards and own account so they could use either their own data that they had generated or our sandbox . We ' ve had great feedback -- people saying the APIs are amazing and they had a good time , which is the most important thing . OWG : What 's the reason for the hackathon ? Is this to differentiate yourself from competitors ? AB : I think the idea is we do n't intend to do all the products for all the segments through all the channels . We do n't think that by doing that -- by setting out to be a little RBS or a little HSBC -- we do n't think that adds anything and I do n't think a company can really innovate on that many levels . What we 're really focusing on is the day - to - day transactional banking needs , your current account , and giving you all the access to all the payment systems you need . And then use that data to give you insight . If you want other products , we will help you because we ' ve KYC'd [ know your customer checks required by the regulator ] you and we understand you , your spending behaviours and so on . We 'll know the other products you can buy from other providers , on their balance sheets . We 're not arrogant enough to say we can provide the best mortgage or best long - term savings product . We 're focused on doing one thing and then living in a marketplace of other products . We recently announced a partnership with TransferWise . We 're also partnering with MoneyBox . Now that 's a great example of linking bank account data to people who are addressing a specific need . We 're building up this marketplace and we intend to be the glue , the curator in the middle of it all . OWG : How will you make money ? Current accounts are famously loss leading . The overdraft feature in Starling 's app . Starling AB : We 'll make money on overdrafts . So , everyone reckons that current accounts are loss making but that 's because all the banks say they 're loss making . I spent 30 odd years in retail banking and I know how they ' ve come to that conclusion . They have all the products , mortgages , current accounts , all the product lines , and then they have all the costs and they decide where they 're going to allocate the costs -- we have the branch network , 80% of the cost goes to current accounts ; payment systems , goes to current accounts . They load up the costs and all of a sudden current accounts are loss making . So they say , we ' ve got to cross - sell now to recover the cost of selling the current account . If you do n't have those costs in the first place , the current account is profitable . Think very simply of the economics . You have balances sitting on an account . You 're paying around 0.5% . It 's low single digits . You 're lending out the money as overdrafts , you can , say , lend half of it . You lend that out at between 12 - 19% . There 's a difference . The difference between us and the big banks is we do n't eat up that difference with all the cost of infrastructure . We ' ve built everything from scratch . Unlike all the other new banks who are using someone else 's infrastructure , we can deliver this cost effectively . OWG : On overdrafts -- 12 - 19% , are those actual figures ? AB : At the moment that 's the range depending on an individual 's credit rating . It 's a reasonable interest rate . I ' m saying the number because it 's not high . That 's how we make money and if you talk to any of the big banks and you ask them about current accounts -- they look at it in a different way . OWG : You talked about building a marketplace , there 's a lot of competition in that area : Monzo , Tandem , and N26 all want to do that . Are you feeling the heat from that competition ? AB : I think the market is very , very big . Looking back to when I started this back in 2014 , we had a marketplace in our presentations to the FCA [ Financial Conduct Authority ] back in June 2014 . It 's always been something close to my heart . If you look at where we are , Atom haven't launched a current account yet , I do n't think Tandem are going to do it , so it 's probably only Monzo and ourselves in that marketplace . I think the market 's big enough . OWG : How many customers have you got at the moment ? AB : I think we ' ve got about 500 . The idea is we 're going to build that up now rapidly . OWG : When will you go from beta to full launch ? AB : I think it 's when our customers feel comfortable with the service . I think we 'll probably have another couple of months of beta . It 's hard to define what a beta is . We ' ve got a fully functional current account that can do everything that a Barclays or HSBC could do , so in some respect , it 's not really a beta . But we want to make sure we take on board all the feedback we get from our customers . OWG : How many staff have you got at the moment ? AB : 85 . OWG : Are you worried about your cash burn rate ? We ' ve seen some redundancies with Tandem recently . It seems like building a bank is expensive . Starling 's app . Starling AB : The number one thing is : starting a bank is very difficult . We 're in a situation where there 's an awful lot of talk about lots of people going for banking licenses but if you actually take them one by one , there are n't that many people with retail banking licenses that get through to the end . There are phases of different sorts of banks . The first phase of new banks were the Aldermores and the Shawbrooks . What they were doing was a consolidation of lots of people doing specialised lending . Then there were a lot of SME banks that came along , like OakNorth or whatever , which are not really technology driven banks but are dealing with the business that the big banks are not really interested in doing because they 're too manual . Then you ' ve got the latest round of banks , which are the consumer banks -- the Atoms , the Tandems , us , Monzo . You do need an awful lot of money . Starting a bank is very difficult because seed funding is very difficult to obtain because EIS and SEIS schemes [ tax - efficient investment vehicles ] do n't apply . It 's quite difficult to raise money for a proposition that 's going to be revenue generating in three years or three and a half years . That does n't typically fall into the VC model . The VC model wants to invest in businesses that will be revenue generating very soon . Starting a bank is not for the faint - hearted . But it 's ever so worthwhile . There are lots of fintechs based on pre - paid models but those models are very difficult to get revenue generating . Or rather , they 're easy to get revenue generating , very difficult to get profitable . There are so many people in the value chain . Although it 's quite good in raising customer expectations and customers getting used to nice new things , it 's very difficult when so many people are taking a piece of the pie . That 's why we believed we had to be a bank because we have a viable business model . OWG : Do you need to raise money ? AB : We ' ve got enough money for years . [ Ed . note : You can read more about Starling 's funding here . ] OWG : Are you planning to raise money ? AB : We 'll probably raise more money as we go into the end of the year but we 're sufficiently funded for the coming years . OWG : You talked about ramping up the growth in terms of customers , how do you plan to do that ? AB : I ' ve spent 30 years in an industry which has become very jaded about trying to acquire customers and sell to customers . I think if you offer good value and you offer a proposition which is innovative , people will migrate to it . People can try before they buy . If you look at the existing incumbents , they entice you to switch . But you do n't have to switch . We believe customers will like something different . Lloyds and Barclays sound the same , look the same , but they ' ve got a different carpet . OWG : What will customers see that is different to a traditional bank ? AB : What we 're working on at the moment is -- I do n't want to fall into the trap of saying it 's wonderful , it 's gorgeous . I think people should experience it for themselves . It 's very easy , it 's very functional and it has all the functions that nowadays people come to expect : freeze the card , the usual sorts of things . OWG : It sounds like a Catch-22 -- you think people will switch because it 's a different product , but you have to try it to understand it . It 's almost an " if you build it , they will come " type thing . AB : No , there 'll be a number of things that we 'll do to make sure people know about it . I think that we have the whole thing about being different , we have the marketplace platform whereby we 're associated with great brands so their customers know about us . We also have the social media and plans to be out there talking to customers where they live their lives , instead of expecting customers to come to us . It will probably come alive over the next couple of months . OWG : Do you have an idea of who your target market is ? AB : I think we initially talked about 20 to 45-year - olds but it 's all sorts of people . One of our customers is somebody in the office 's mother who is in her 70s and using it to manage a limited budget . But it 's for the people who are prepared to do all their business on a mobile . We believe in delivering everything in a convenient form and that 's what we 're doing . Tom Blomfield , CEO , Monzo . Monzo OWG : I asked colleagues and on Twitter if anyone had any questions for you , and the number one question that came back was what happened between you and Tom Blomfield [ Blomfield was Starling 's CTO but left to found Monzo ] ? AB : ( Laughs ) I ' ve known Tom years . I met Tom when I was an advisor to GoCardless [ a direct debit startup Blomfield cofounded ] . Tom joined us for a short period of time , September 2014 and left in February [ 2015 ] . I think Tom wanted to do his own thing and he is doing his own thing . Tom and I occasionally have breakfast and , you know , the market is big enough for both of us ( laughs ) . OWG : So you 're still on good terms ? AB : We 're still friends . I think I spoke to him last Wednesday . OWG : Do you speak to the other guys -- the Tandems , the Atoms ? AB : It 's a small world . Ricky [ Knox , cofounder of Tandem ] has popped in to our offices , and I ' ve gone to see him . I do n't go to Durham very often to see Atom I must admit . Our competition is the big banks . What we 're doing is raising customer expectations , introducing competition . We all as an industry went into the crisis and came back out and I personally do n't think enough has changed . Technology has changed , expectations have changed , and regulation has changed . The banks were too busy and too internally focused and I really wanted to do something different . So I quit my job to start this , and it 's really great to be so near customers . It 's really great to be using technology . I love the fact that we can do things so much easier nowadays . We can do interesting things and why should n't we do it in banking ? This is ever so fulfilling . Every time we talk to customers and they tell us how much benefiting their getting -- it 's exciting . OWG : Are you in touch with the big banks ? Are they sniffing around ? AB : The big banks want to come and see us every week . On a typical week , you 'll get three or four emails either from consulting firms wanting to bring around people on a visit , or you 'll get people who ' ve set themselves up in business doing fintech tours . OWG : Fintech tours ? AB : Yes ! ( Laughs ) Then you get contacts from overseas who want to come and talk to us . We have to be very careful with our time . Sometimes it 's very hard to say no because we want to be friends . But there 's a huge amount of interest in what we do and I have a bank to build . OWG : What does building a bank look like in 2017 ? Where do you want to be at the end of the year ? AB : For us , this year is going to be a year of building our marketplace . It 's going to be really getting out there . We ' ve spent a long time testing , we ' ve been testing now since July . It 's now a situation of getting out there with real customers and making it work .
Four years on from launching its muru - D accelerator program in Sydney and taking it to Singapore , Brisbane , and Perth , Telstra has announced its expansion to Melbourne , setting up a program out of its Gurrowa innovation lab . Having opened Gurrowa in 2015 , Telstra also announced the space will come to be housed under the umbrella of its new Telstra Labs initiative , with company CTO Hakan Eriksson explaining this will be a single identity that brings together Telstra 's innovation and tech capability . Eriksson , who was appointed CTO late last year , said , " It 's a unique environment that allows for rapid experimentation , validation and the implementation of new ideas within Telstra and with our partners and customers . " Within Gurrowa , Telstra has launched a publicly accessible GSMA Open IoT lab that Eriksson believes is " a definite game changer " for the Australian Internet of Things ecosystem . It will allow anyone to create , test , and prototype IoT solutions by giving them access to an array of Telstra 's expertise and equipment , including a 3D printer , electronics testing equipment , and fully functional Cat - M1 and NB - IoT networks , with the goal to help foster a community and encourage best - practice sharing of ideas , experience , research , and insights among startups through to global enterprises . " It means that anyone from university students , to startups , to a multinational company can come here and work with some of the best equipment and minds in the business to bring their IoT solution to life . You can even test your IoT solutions to see how they would work on the Telstra network within a controlled environment , " Eriksson said . Access to the lab will be free for Telstra partners , while for others access will be granted for a fee , with this scaling according to a company 's circumstances . Participants in the new muru - D accelerator will also have access to the lab . The program , which will open applications in the coming months , is currently recruiting an entrepreneur in residence . The program 's expansion comes follows the appointment of former Salesforce executive , Julie Trell as CEO of muru - D in February . Trell , who took over from founder Annie Parker , said she was excited to work with Telstra and its growing family of startups to create " a uniquely Australasian entrepreneurial culture for the digital age " . " Companies like Telstra realise that a new generation of workers want real social impact and strong values to be a part of daily life in how and where they work . " Want to know more about what life is like in a muru - D program ? Hundreds of teams apply but only 10 are chosen for a place . Docu - series The Dream Academy reveals that taking an idea and turning it into a viable business is n't easy but the rewards you reap when you get it right can be incredible . Coming Soon to Channel 7 . SP
Seattle has become one of the most important top tech hubs in the world , with an all - star lineup of homegrown companies and massive offices for out - of - towners looking to get their hands on the region 's deep roster of tech talent . But the city that spawned Microsoft , Amazon , Expedia , F5 and Zillow still comes up short in funding sources for early stage companies , with a lack of options for local startups to get off the ground . Andrew Dumont and Cameron Borumand want to change that . In February they began raising money for a new venture capital fund focused on early stage investments called Curious Capital . The fund is based in Seattle , but it wants to invest in startups throughout the Pacific Northwest . Curious Capital has already cut a couple small checks , and the fund is actively investing . They declined to say what companies they ' ve invested in , and did not disclose the target size of the new fund . But the arrival of a new funding source in Seattle is good news for those who ' ve argued that the Northwest -- despite its amazing array of technologists and world - class companies -- still falls short when it comes to bankrolling the next - generation of companies . The Curious Capital co - founders both hail from Washington state , and recently returned to Seattle from stints in New York and San Francisco . Dumont 's mother fell ill , and that brought him back to Seattle earlier this year , though he had always intended to return some day . Borumand is a born and raised Pacific Northwesterner , who comes from a Microsoft and Boeing family . He felt the pull of home and wanted to get involved in Seattle 's booming tech scene . The Seattle region has long been critiqued for its general lack of investors , both early - stage angel investors and later - stage venture capitalists . Dumont and Borumand have experienced what they say are stronger funding networks in New York and San Francisco with more options to choose from . And while there are many angel investors who got rich at places like Microsoft or Amazon and now invest as a hobby , Dumont said that the Pacific Northwest needs more options for early stage startups . " For an ecosystem to be healthy from a fundraising standpoint , you need more active funds , more active investors supporting it , " says Dumont , adding that they plan to invest across a wide array of sectors , from consumer - oriented companies to business - to - business software . The partners likely will stay away from up - and - coming biotech startups . Dumont has founded and worked for startups in Seattle , including Moz , where he was business development director . He eventually made his way to New York City , where he worked as an entrepreneur in residence at Betaworks , a startup studio similar in concept to Seattle 's Pioneer Square Labs . Dumont went on to become chief marketing officer at Bitly , a Betaworks spinoff company . Borumand brings the financial expertise . He is a former investment banker for Vaquero Capital in San Francisco , where he worked on later - stage financing for companies . One thing you wo n't see in these descriptions , a long track record of raising funds . " We are kind of bootstrapping a venture fund , which is completely illogical ; it 's pretty stupid in a lot of ways , " Dumont said . " But we really believe in what we are doing , so that 's why we are doing this . " That means raising capital is among the biggest challenges . To overcome this , Dumont and Borumand are starting small , and pitching their expertise as a benefit . They are n't taking a salary , nor have they attached any fees to the fund . In addition to funding , Curious Capital wants to be hands on with companies it invests in , helping them with growth plans and strategies to bring their products to market . Curious Capital is n't the only company to come forward to fill the investor void in Seattle . Last month , GeekWire reported on a new fund called Flying Fish Venture Partners . Founded by Seattle angel investors Heather Redman , Geoff Harris , and Frank Chang , Flying Fish is focused on helping early - stage startups in the Pacific Northwest get through their Series A round of funding and scale to the next level . Dumont said he knows his firm wo n't entirely fix funding issues in Seattle , but it 's a start . Curious Capital also wants to be a cheerleader for the region , promoting work done by local startups . Dumont said Pacific Northwest entrepreneurs are much less likely to brag about their work than counterparts in New York or San Francisco . " I think one of the challenges here -- one of the gifts and curses of Seattle people , including myself -- is that we put on our headphones and we work , but we do n't boast much . We do n't talk much about what we are doing , " Dumont said . " We are able to build awesome companies here because we are so focused on what we are working on . But it actually hurts because a lot of people do n't know there are a bunch of people building early stage companies here . "
InMotion Ventures , the venture capital firm powered by Jaguar Land Rover , has opened applications for its accelerator programme ; offering tailored funding to start - ups in the mobility and transportation sector . Designed for start - ups " developing mobility products and services " and " the technologies and supply chain elements that power those products and services " , the London - based InMotion Accelerator will support 15 businesses across two cohorts per year . Launching in April 2017 , the six - month programme will provide investment to participating start - ups SP in exchange for equity and will provide masterclasses , workshops , and global network reach through Jaguar Land Rover . Sebastian Peck , managing director at InMotion Ventures , commented : " The InMotion Accelerator is central to our aim of adding more value to the dynamic transport and mobility sector by investing in leading talent developing the most promising early - stage businesses . " We 're looking to match world class mobility and transportation start - ups , to our dedicated team of entrepreneurs , designers and technologists " Apply for the InMotion Accelerator here .
With a sea of older properties littered throughout Australia 's capital cities , it 's almost become a formality for potential buyers to throw cash at expensive strata and inspection reports . SP Buyers want to know what they 're getting in for before committing to the treacherous grind of mortgage repayments , and do n't want to have to worry about a swarm of fleas storming the place the moment they move in . SP BeforeYouBid is a Sydney - based startup working to reduce the cost of property inspection reports for auctioned properties using a shared pricing model , whereby a report becomes gradually cheaper based on the number of buyers who purchase it . SP The cost is separated into four tiers : the top tier or first purchase of a strata report is priced at an industry - standard $ 249 , while the second is priced at $ 139 for the second buyer , $ 99 for the third , and finally $ 79 for any additional customers . To incentivise potential buyers to bite into the first three pricing tiers , the startup offers a cash - back service for the first three customers if the report is resold at a lower - tier price to another customer . SP BeforeYouBid 's founder , Rhys Rogers , explained that traditionally at auctions , potential buyers who are looking to bid would have to spend upwards of $ 500 on the due diligence of inspection reports . At the end of an auction , buyers who missed out on the property would be left hundreds of dollars out of pocket for nothing . " We ' ve created a model where the report comes cheaper for other people looking at the same property , then they can get cash back . Previously , potential buyers would try and get reports second hand , but there was no incentive for anyone to give it up since they were n't getting any cash back , " said Rogers . SP Rogers gained first - hand experience in the property market having previously worked in the space , where he noticed a flaw with the existing model for inspection reports . " An agent that I was dealing with said he had to go out for a test inspection , then two days later he said he needed to go out and report again for another customer . I asked why they did n't just share it , and he said it was because there would be no benefit for the customer who purchased the report first , as there 's no money back , " Rogers said . Seeing a market opportunity , Rogers began developing an online platform that would allow customers to search for different properties , purchase shared reports and receive cashback . Rogers said NSW presented a ripe opportunity for the startup to get the ball rolling considering the state government imposed laws that force real estate agents to inform potential buyers if a property has a re - purchasable report available , rather than charge them full - price for a new report with partnering agencies . SP Once a report has been purchased , BeforeYouBid will issue a link directing to the re - purchasable report to the property 's real estate agent , who can then share it among potential buyers . To further increase the visibility of a shared report for potential buyers , Rogers said the startup has also partnered with a number of real estate agencies to integrate a link to BeforeYouBid on their platforms , meaning a customer searching for a property online will be able to see if a re - purchasable report is available . Buyers can also search for properties on the BeforeYouBid platform , which uses the Google Maps API to allow customers to search for an address and visualise what properties have reports available . SP To purchase a report , a customer only needs to fill out a few basic details about a property , including the real estate agency behind it , before an inspection can take place . SP To ensure a report is of a high quality , Rogers said the business targeted only reputable property inspectors . " We looked online , read reviews , looked at their report styles , made sure they were the type who actually went under the house and in the roof . Buyers can also rate a property inspector after receiving their report using a five - star rating system , " said Rogers . BeforeYouBid currently has property inspectors operating across all of Australia 's major cities , with regional areas served by the startup hiring " freelance " inspectors to investigate a property . Rogers said reports are typically formulated and sent to a customer as a PDF within 48 hours . SP Aside from strata and Building and Pest inspection reports , BeforeYouBid also serves pool inspections and free property contract reviews . Discussing if the business encountered any legal hurdles when developing a shared - report model , Rogers said the only challenge to overcome was dealing with the insurance of a report when it 's handed out to multiple customers . " It 's something we worked around by the insurance only going to the successful buyer of the property , who is the one who needs the recourse if there is a problem " he explained . SP " Cashback was n't really possible ten years ago because it would have been a really admin - heavy thing to do offline . You 'd have to almost pay someone a full time wage to maintain that . So the online website gives us a lot of flexibility , " said Rogers . SP This said , the startup did n't mention whether the cash - back amount is equal to the amount saved from each pricing tier , the full amount or a percentage . Having bootstrapped the startup between himself and a family member , Rogers said the business is n't currently looking for investment opportunities , rather the focus is on growing its user base and partnership numbers . SP
Imagine finding yourself in the middle of the Grand Teton National Park , enjoying a weekend unplugged from the world , and the bear from The Revenant walks over to your campsite . You need to make a call for help , but alas you have no cell reception . Unlikely scenarios aside , there are endless reasons why a solo - traveler may need to reach the outside world while hiking , but cell reception is not always readily available . While few and far between , some devices improve range or create mesh networks , but for everyone else they are typically left relying on their survival skills . Cairn , which shares a name with those random stacked rock piles you see while hiking , is an app that lets you take technology you already have , and helps hikers to find cell reception . Not only that , it also lets loved ones know where someone is while hiking , the last known area they were in , health stats , and develops a crowdsourced map of reception or dead spots in the wilderness . In Tech . Co 's ongoing series to highlight the similarities to entrepreneurs and athletes who push their limits , we spoke to the cofounder of Cairn , Ali Alami , about his motivation to create the app . With a pedigree of success and an assortment of experiences in startups , Alami turned towards what he was most passionate about . " If you pick a passion , you will be a lot more motivated to work hard at it . There are ups and downs to any business , when you hit one of those low spots , at minimum you are doing something that you love and enjoy . You are more likely to succeed because you picked something you are passionate about , " said Alami . Any good business is built on a foundation of goals , missions , prioritization , and maybe a few organizational values along the way . Before the journey can really start , entrepreneurs need to plan and gear up before jumping right in . For some that means taking an idea and going through an incubator or accelerator , others that is working it as a side project , but in most cases there are no true overnight successes in the startup world . As startups go , Cairn is still a seedling and focusing on building those roots while growing at the same time , but before the seed was planted , relationships were formed and experiences were created . " Through Expedia I met two really good friends , Tove Martin and Brian Terry . My wife and I have gone on a lot of hikes with them , and after Expedia we went separate ways to other startups . Tove went on to Trover , which was acquired by Expedia , and Brian went off to Picnick , which was acquired by Google , shut down , and then employees re - created it with a different brand [ PicMonkey ] , " said Alami . Prior to startups , he was also a Survival Evasion Resistance Escape Instructor for the US Air Force for nearly a decade . The group still tries to get out and hike , but now with kids in the mix they ' ve had to tone it down a bit . More specifically , Alami says perhaps a bit less dangerous stuff . It was on one of these backpacking trips nearly two years ago that the idea was born . Alami was planning to leave town on Friday , traffic was heavy , and he was planning to go to a lake . He already knew there would be little to no cell coverage there , but he wanted to meet up with the group . " As it started to get dark , Tove and their kids were behind us , and were having trouble meeting up with us . It was really hard to meetup , " said Alami . " As a survivor instructor we always tell people where we are going and when we are going back . We said ' ok , this is a problem that someone needs to address , ' and being startup people we identified a niche . Tove said let 's start another company , and we went through a variety of ideas that had the potential for going big . " After some back and forth , the duo eventually decided to turn what would soon become Cairn into a passion project rather than a high - growth startup . Alami and Martin decided to build a lifestyle organization that is focused on something they are passionate about , that also meetings a specific need in the market . The market for outdoor and hiking related needs is also surprisingly large . According to the Outdoor Industry Association , the outdoor recreation market accounts for roughly 6.1 million jobs and $ 646 billion in consumer spending . Though passion was the focus , Alami and Martin knew that as entrepreneurs it would also be a challenge to still focus on the fitness side of what they love . " We knew that we needed to stay healthy and we know how hectic entrepreneurship is . We started doing usability studies while backpacking with users testing the app or just doing a run in my neighborhood . By doing that we are maximizing our time . My son just turned 7 and he just got into mountain biking . There were many times on backpacking trips , the kids would just fall asleep , and we 'd sit around the fire and talk business strategy . We have made so many decisions so far , but the ones we make in the outdoors are usually the ones that are the right decision . " SP Passion for the outdoors is more than just a guiding star for the Cairn team , it 's built into how they work as a company . As entrepreneurs , sleep can often feel like a luxury , but in a world where health and fitness takes priorities , getting in your eight hours really matters . Though Alami knows getting in sleep is not always possible , the team integrates a balance of work and life . " We wake up early for a hike or climb , def go to bed early that night . My wife is a nutritionist and was was in culinary first , so we eat pretty healthy . No fast foods , " said Alami . But the organization is about more than just sustaining their lifestyle and fun . They 're also doing something good with their efforts . " We are still young enough where we have time for another startup , or we can always go back to the corporate world if we need to . So now it 's time to try something fun , but we can make it go big . That drives a lot of decisions and the focus on quality , but the other piece is doing something that is returning to the community : to have a healthy lifestyle and to get others out there while staying safe . It empowers people . We have quite a few solo female hikers on the app , and now they are not as worried about getting lost or venturing out beyond their personal limits . " Typically when you think passion , most would assume there is a priority shift from work into play , or in this case hiking first , business second . As the team decided to focus on a work - life integration , passion drives both components , which is why Alami is not concerned if the app and business really take off . " In an ideal world , we would continue doing the same thing , even if the team got bigger , " said Alami . " Graham Zimmerman is one and is in Alaska , Stacia Glenn is another and was in Nepal . Both super good athletes and climbers . Ideally we could continue to have meetings , I can see us renting houses , going to a hotel for a conference and people can go hiking , to still be able to experience that . I do n't think you have to compromise one for the other . " In addition to passion , the team has a mentality of less is more . By staying focused and prioritizing projects , you do n't have to go overboard on business hours . With fewer choices to make , time becomes more flexible and it 's easier to make the right decision while still growing . " At any given day there are hundreds of things we could work on . We thought ' right now we are not making any money , this was 6 months ago , and we decided we really need to engage users right now instead . ' First it was ' how do we engage with them on the trail before we are making money ? ' We could have done three or four different things , but focused on one , consumer engagement . It allowed us to maintain that lifestyle , " said Alami . Growth for startups typically consists of users , engagement , and downloads , but that is not necessarily the same for a quality focused organization . Until now , Cairn 's development was focused on the mission of having a great app , which in turn would result in more users . As a result , word - of - mouth has helped the team grow to more than 12,000 downloads in the past few months , and has tracked more than two million points of cell coverage so far . " We are not just logging for coverage , but also mapping the wilderness , which we then crowdsource to everyone else . In colorado , out of the 14,000 peaks , we ' ve got coverage and data on over two - thirds of them . That 's almost every major mountain in the West coast . Most national parks in the US have pretty good coverage too , " said Alami . Eventually though , they decided it was time to prepare for and embark on more challenging paths . To do this , they started by looking at weak areas such as user engagement , and began building out new features that would encourage people to interact with the app more . " That 's where we started to add more stats about hiking distance by month and year , trails ran , etc . Users can segment activities by different types too ( biking , hiking , etc.).Think of this as a Waze for the wilderness , " said Alami . " You send out a safety note to a family member and just go . It then tracks your location every minute . You can also adjust the settings so as not to use as much battery . Because each phone is using GPS details even without coverage , it still tracks the information , too . It also shows all carriers in the data . You may not be able to share an instagram photo , but the other carrier will support 911 call out . " When asked how other entrepreneurs facing a dilemma between running a high - growth business or pursuing it with emphasis on passion , Alami says it 's all about the team and focus points . " You should find a partner or team , someone who shares your passion . For example , I go for runs with my cofounders and we can discuss things on runs . Say you 're a runner , you can find another person that compliments you really well , you work well as team , and you both can have meetings while running . Finding the right partners or cofounders , is important . Then , focus narrowly on a problem in your industry , and solve for that . " Read more about healthy entrepreneurs here on Tech . Co
Whether you 're an entrepreneur , an investor , or a reporter , stress comes with the job . But taking an hour out of your day to meditate or practice yoga is n't always a realistic goal . Enter Simple Habit , a sort of Netflix for meditation , whereby users can choose from a variety of five - minute sessions tailored to help them overcome challenging professional situations like public speaking or asking for a raise . What 's more , the app can also help with such social situations as going on a date or giving a toast . The San Francisco - based startup announced today funding of $ 2.5 million in a seed round led by New Enterprise Associates ( NEA ) . The app , which is available on both iOS and Android , offers more than 1,000 meditating sessions -- 50 free ones , with the possibility to upgrade to a Premium version for $ 11.99 per month or $ 99.99 per year . Extra features include unlimited access to all premium content as well as the ability to download a session and use it offline while on a flight , for example . Simple Habit 's founder and CEO , Yunha Kim , claims that more than 400,000 users have downloaded the app in the past eight months . Kim is well acquainted with the startup world , having sold her previous company Locket to Wish in 2015 . The entrepreneur began working on Simple Habit while studying business at Stanford , later dropping out to focus entirely on her new project . Fresh out of Y Combinator 's Winter 2017 batch , Simple Habit is entering a market that 's already flooded with meditation apps like Headspace , Aura , Calm , Stop , Breathe & Think , and OMG , I Can Meditate ! So what 's different here ? " Simple Habit is a marketplace of meditation teachers , rather than a single teacher meditation app , " wrote Kim , in an email to VentureBeat . " We bring top meditation and mindfulness teachers from all over the world , ranging from experts that teach positive psychology at universities , to executive coaches and godfathers in the mindfulness space , and make them available in one place . " According to Kim , the app targets busy people with specific needs , like engineers who seek to sharpen their focus or anxious employees who are dealing with difficult coworkers . Simple Habit was founded in 2016 and currently has four employees . FJ Labs , Foundation Capital , YC , and founders of Dropbox and Gusto joined NEA in today 's round .
Utrip CEO Gilad Berenstein . ( Utrip Photo ) SP Utrip , a Seattle startup that uses machine learning to help travelers plan their trips , just closed a $ 4 million funding round . Investors in the Series A round include Plug and Play , Tiempo Capital , Acorn Ventures , and executives from companies such as Apple and Costco , participating as angel investors . The cash will go toward Utrip 's machine learning and data science operations , which fuel the platform 's recommendation engine . " One of the things that our travelers love about Utrip is the depth with which we curate destinations and go beyond those top 10 lists that are available everywhere to offer experiences that are really unique and local and authentic for that destination , " said Utrip CEO Gilad Berenstein . " That 's one big priority , continuing to build out our machine learning capabilities as well as our human expert network , our chefs , artists , historians , etcetera . " Utrip also plans to grow its team by about a third this year , primarily focusing on sales and marketing . The startup currently employs 18 in Seattle . Utrip 's itinerary - planning tools are free for consumers . The startup makes money by licensing its software and building products for businesses in the hospitality space , like hotels and cruise lines . " All of our partners -- be it small or big , be it hotel or cruise line , airline , etcetera -- are interested in offering personalized experiences and recommendations their potential guests , " said Berenstein . " So , ultimately , this goes all the way from making great recommendations and itineraries on their sites to doing personalized email marketing and personalized social media promotion where they can show the right recommendation , the right experience , to the right traveler . " Berenstein and his family moved to the U.S. from Israel when he was a child . As an immigrant entrepreneur and the founder of a travel - based business , he has a few thoughts on the crush of immigration - related news from the past few weeks . " I ' m a believer in immigration and I ' m a believer in open borders and I think that travel ... it 's this really beautiful , eye - opening experience , " he said . " When people travel they get to see the world and we all get to remember that our perspective is not the only perspective and that our way of life is not the only way of life . I think that if we look at some of the craziness right now that 's happening in the world , more travel and more connections between people in different countries and continents is only for the good . " Here is a full list of investors participating in Utrip 's series A : Plug and Play , Tiempo Capital , Acorn Ventures , Alliance of Angels , SWAN Venture Fund and W&W Capital . Angel investors encompass Apple , Inc. Treasurer Gary Wipfler ; Costco CFO Richard Galanti ; Savers Inc c CEO Ken Alterman ; H. S. Wright III , CEO and founder of Seattle Hospitality Group as well a partner in family businesses that own the Seattle Space Needle , Chihuly Garden and Glass and the Sheraton Seattle Hotel ; veteran hotel executive Carla Murray ; hotelier Craig Schafer and Neal Dempsey , a partner at Bay Partners .
Apple CEO Tim Cook Reuters Apple has acquired artificial intelligence startup Lattice Data for $ 200 million , according to a report in TechCrunch . The deal closed a few weeks ago and roughly 20 engineers from Lattice have joined Apple , according to the report , which cited an anonymous source . Lattice 's technology focuses on " dark data , " the mass of unorganized information stored in computer networks that is not in a proper format for companies to analyze or tap into . Lattice uses AI to make sense of all that data . Apple and Lattice did not immediately return a request for comment . AI has become a key technology for future products envisioned by tech companies like Apple , Google , Facebook and Microsoft , which are all racing to build up big artificial intelligence teams . You can read the full TechCrunch story here . Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks , ETFs , indices , commodities and currencies traded around the world . Go Now !
Launchway Media is a digital agency specializing in data - driven marketing campaigns for global startups , with a record for helping technology startups , especially in Latin America , launch and grow their products or services on a global scale . They 're also a three - woman operation : Nora Leary is the head of marketing , Katie Griffing is the head of operations , Caitlin Sanders is the creative director , and all three are co - founders . Launchway 's unique location and business model -- the bilingual marketers operate out of Latin America and help startups navigate the area 's business ecosystem -- give them an interesting startup story of their own . Here 's the story of how the marketing team struck out on their own and what lessons they learned in the process . The three team members all hail from the United States originally , but have lived in Latin America for the past five years , an experience that has given them insider knowledge on the challenges faced by those in emerging markets . " Our founding team met in Buenos Aires , Argentina in 2013 , " Launchway tells me , " and we decided to start the company in 2015 after working together for two years at another web development and marketing agency . We decided to use our connections and prior experiences in the U.S. to tap into the growing startup ecosystem in Latin America and help startups here . There are many entrepreneurs creating innovative products and services for the U.S. market that need native English speakers to help them market their ideas . As bilingual marketers with experience working in the LatAm tech industry , we have a particularly unique voice and perspective to offer companies in the region . " Launchway knows what it takes to help their clients stand apart from other startups and get into a top - tier accelerator program : " Most startups ca n't afford to hire a full - time marketer , " they say . " Not to mention , the entire interviewing and recruiting process can waste a great deal of the team 's valuable time . By outsourcing marketing tasks to us , startups often get the same amount ( or more ) work done by an entire team of marketing experts for the same costs as hiring one person . Our clients have been through a variety of accelerator programs : 500 Startups Mountain View , Naranya Labs , NXTP Labs , Start - Up Chile , TechStars Austin , Venture Hive , and more , so we also offer accelerator application services to help startups edit and perfect their application , pitch video , and pitch decks so they can get into a top program . " It is an interesting time to be a woman in tech working in Latin America , Launchway tells me . " Technology here is a bit behind the U.S. , " they explain , " which means the region has time to fix the mistakes that the U.S. made about integrating women in the field . Hopefully , and perhaps by learning from what went wrong in the states , Latin America can do a better job of making sure women are treated equally in the industry . Since there is also more ground for female entrepreneurs to cover , the growing startup ecosystem in Latin America makes for an exciting environment full of possibilities . There are many business models that have already thrived in U.S. but have yet to catch on in Latin America , and that leaves many opportunities for those who are innovating , regardless of gender . "
San Francisco - based startup Apis Cor built a whole house in a Russian town within 24 hours . It did n't repair an existing home or use prefabricated parts to make that happen -- the secret lies in 3-D printing . The company used a mobile 3-D printer to print out the house 's concrete walls , partitions and building envelope . Workers had to manually paint it and install the roofing materials , wiring , hydro - acoustic and thermal insulation , but that did n't take much time . The result is a 400-square - foot house that 's around as big as a standard hotel room . It 's no mansion , but it could prove attractive to the growing contingent of people who prefer tiny homes . Apis Cor says the whole house cost about $ 10,134 make , with the door and windows eating up the largest part of the budget . That sounds about right for a tiny home , though that probably does n't account for the cost of land . The company uploaded a video of the process you can watch below . It even shows what the interior looks like with appliances , including a curved TV that fits the house 's curved wall , provided by Samsung . If Apis Cor does start 3-D printing houses , owners can choose any shape they want and even choose to make one larger than this compact abode . SP Mariella Moon is an associate editor at Engadget .
Tech hub , CiTi recently launched the first EdTech Open Innovation Cluster and incubator in Africa . Ventureburn had the opportunity to sit down with the initiative 's lead , Jamie Martin , to discuss his thoughts behind the accelerator as well as edtech in general . " I really believe that the developing world , in particular Africa , is firstly the place that edtech can make the most impact and is also the place where I think it 's going to be the most innovative . Secondly , I think that particularly in SA there is a unique combination , I call it ' first world infrastructure , third world problems ' . " He further explained that data and connectivity issues surrounding edtech were also a major issue besides the general state of our education system . " This ( the accelerator ) would n't work in London because the problems are n't there to solve and this maybe would n't work in Sudan because you would n't have the infrastructure to do it , so this was the perfect place ( South Africa ) , " said Martin . He also expressed that the project has already received support from local government and that elearning is one of the Western Cape Premier 's priorities for the government going forward . The EdTech Open Innovation Cluster and incubator , according to Martin , has two goals in place . " Our end goal is two things . Firstly , to have businesses go right across the continent . I do n't want startups that just think about SA ... this is something where your technology can work all around the continent . " Secondly I want an incubator that can go right across the continent . Our end goal is to have campuses here in SA , East Africa , and West Africa , so that wherever you are as an entrepreneur , you can go to one of our campuses and be part of the edtech incubator . But also that you can rotate around the campuses . It 's probably unrealistic for the first year , but that 's the goal , " continued Martin . Mentorship will play a major part of the programme , according to Martin , who 's already sat down with many teachers and principals that are willing to be part of mentoring the startups . " I was with a bunch of teachers and principals in Khayelitsha who all agreed that they 're going to be part of mentoring our businesses and trialling what our businesses create in their schools , " said Martin . Some of the industry professionals Martin is looking to get into the programme includes lawyers , marketers , HR specialists , counsellors , and more . The programme will aim to further prepare selected startups by teaching them how to measure staff and impact , as well as how to sell their products to schools . Furthermore , it 'll also provide startups with access to developers as well as funding . As for the programme 's application criteria , they ' ve deliberately left it as broad as possible . " Any level of education from the earliest years of children to the oldest adult learner is eligible . You ' ve just got to be making it ( learning ) different with tech , " said Martin . " You can be very mature and you come to me and say ' Jamie , I ' ve got a seed fund , I ' m doing really well , I want you to take me to a big series A and really expand my business outside of SA ' . I also want the guy that turns up and says ' look , I haven't really attracted much funding because I do n't really know anyone like that , my mates mate who did some coding has built me this app ' and like the app is terrible but your idea is amazing and you 're amazing , we 'll take you on , " Martin added . To Martin , edtech is not only as important as the financial sector , but is the new fintech . " I think that fintech is great for an individual , you get someone banked in Africa , that 's a social good as well as an economic good , but with education , if you get someone a great education they can support a family and their community , it goes so much broader . So I actually think it should be the biggest priority area , " Martin concluded .
The fear or missing out is real . Every day , people squander the opportunity to enjoy something truly amazing . Whether it'a an epic party , a famous celebrity , or an enlightening conference , it 's tragically impossible to avoid the fear of missing out . Fortunately , when it comes to Tech . Co 's top stories , we ' ve got you covered . Thanks to this handy list , you 'll be able to peruse the top stories from the week in nothing more than the click of a button . Take a look now so you do n't miss out ! Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here .
Wesgro in partnership with Silicon Cape hosted The Geeks on a Plane dinner in Cape Town last night in honour of the participants of the initiative . The planned speakers for the evening consisted of the CEO of Wesgro , Tim Harris ; director of Silicon Cape , Alexandra Fraser ; MD of 4di Justin Stanford ; CFO of Zoona , Keith Davis and investors Monica Brand Engel and Doug Galen . In Harris ' opening remarks , he touched on the significance of what Geeks on a Plane is trying to achieve . " What you ' ve done as geeks on a plane , is gone to see for yourself , " referring to the misconceptions people usually have about foreign countries . He expanded on these misconceptions , using Nigeria , one of the continent 's major startup ecosystems , as an analogy . " Nigeria in SA has a bad reputation , there 's incredible economic competition between Nigeria and South Africa , but there 's also a reputation for all sorts of distasteful things which is entirely undeserved , and I only realised that when I went to Nigeria , " said Harris . " Nigeria is obsessed with the news and understanding the world and that is a view of Nigeria no one in SA will tell you . You 'll only know it when you go see it like you did now . So I think Geeks on a plane and the whole ethos of what you do is exactly the right way to understand the world and to make better investments , " he continued . Fraser also touched on the brief overview on the investment and startup ecosystem of the nation and Africa as a whole . " We have huge amounts of activity in our ecosystem , not only in Cape Town but in the country and across the continent . " She also expanded on the needs of the ecosystem . " We still have challenges , it 's still early days . We still need more mentors to help our founders , we need more VCs ... we need government to come to the party in terms of regulatory frameworks , we need far more exits and stronger linkages . " According to Fraser , the Geeks on a Plane trip to SA and the rest of Africa serves as a good example of how investment and startup ecosystems are moving closer together . Justin Stanford touched on the history and the current state of entrepreneurship and investment in Cape Town . " Where we are today is wildly different from where we were five years ago , we ' ve got a small but vibrant angel community now that 's investing ... there 's a good understanding of typical terms and deal structures now . " " There was this kind of desert before and now there 's a ton of potential and a number of success stories , in particular , we ' ve seen a few US exits take place in the last couple of years , " he continues . He also touched on the willingness of VCs to invest in early stage and growth stage startups and expressed his excitement to see the first group of US investors to arrive on our shores . For more in - depth analysis of the evening 's talks keep checking up on our site .
Medical marijuana has been a hot button issue in the US for years now . While a growing number of states have made this medicinal methodology legal , many states have a vast array of regulations and laws in place that are preventing potential patients for acquiring medical marijuana quickly and easily . One of these states is New York , in which doctors are required to register for the NYS Medical Marijuana Program and obtain a special certification in order to prescribe medical marijuana making access to care extremely limited . Fortunately , one company is looking to change that . NuggMD is a California - based leading telemedicine portal that connects qualified medical marijuana patients with licensed physicians online . They ' ve assisted more than 40,000 California patients in obtaining an online medical marijuana consultation with a licensed physician , and they ' ve set their sights on the challenges of the New York market . " Although New York approved medical marijuana in 2014 , barely 14,000 people legally have access to it because of restrictions on the visibility and number of doctors , " said Collin Mann , CEO at NuggMD , in a press release . " This is a trend we ' ve seen across the board in states with new marijuana laws on the books . Access should be feasible , but it 's not , and we 're going to change that ; our network of cannabis - expert doctors will accelerate that change better than anyone else . " With their launch in New York , the company is excited to enable participating New York physicians to provide convenient and efficient care to patients statewide . And with only 884 of the 110,000 practitioners in New York registered for the NYS Medical Marijuana Program , they have got their work cut out for them in the Big Apple . " It 's frustrating that we ca n't find a practitioner , especially while knowing that children in different states have full access to this medicine " said Dr. Amy Piperato , a doctor in NY whose daughter has epilepsy . With more and more patients boasting about the benefits of medicinal marijuana and an increasing numbers of states getting on board , the obstacles to meaningful patient care should hopefully dwindle in the coming years . But in the meantime , it 's great to have a company like NuggMD on the front lines of the medical battle with regulations . Read more about cannabis startups here on Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / Dank Depot
After a decade of strong growth , employment in Washington state 's life science industry is decreasing . ( Washington Life Science & Global Health Advisory Council Image ) SP Washington state is a leader in many areas of science , technology , and innovation . But over the past few years , the state 's life science industry -- once among its strongest -- has begun to languish . A new report commissioned by the Washington Life Science & Global Health Advisory Council shows that the industry lost 3 percent of its jobs between 2011 and 2014 in the state . In a contrast , the national life science industry saw job growth of 2.7 percent in the same time period . The new job data shows a reversal in the trend of strong job growth in the previous decade , which was faster and more dramatic than the nation as a whole and fared well during two economic crises . It 's also a stark contrast to the skyrocketing growth of employment in Washington 's technology industry . The report blames this downturn on an erosion of state programs meant to support the life sciences industry , including the end of the state 's research and development tax credit and the elimination of multiple state funding programs . The advisory council , which was established in 2015 by Gov. Jay Inslee to address concerns that the industry was falling behind , presented the report to the governor today as part of a bid to revive those state programs and reinvigorate the industry . One of the clearest examples of this erosion is the closing of the Life Sciences Discovery Fund ( LSDF ) , a state - run fund which gave research grants to early stage startups , nonprofits and research institutions . Leen Kawas , CEO of Seattle - based M3 Biotechnology and a member of the advisory council , told GeekWire that the financial assistance and connections she made through the fund made her entrepreneurial journey possible . " Probably M3 would have not been here if we did n't get the funding from the state , and also the support for the community , " she said . M3 was one of the last groups to be funded before the fund was closed abruptly in June of 2015 . " We were also being asked to move to California , " and if the company had gotten off the ground without the LSDF , it likely would have relocated to San Diego , Kawas said . " It was a great tool for me as an entrepreneur , and I feel that we need to empower our entrepreneurs to build life science companies , " she said . " It 's not only creating revenue for the state , but potentially we could be changing and improving the quality of life for a lot of people . " The life science industry does indeed have major repercussions beyond corporate and government balance sheets . Washington is recognized as one of the leaders in life sciences research , and work at institutions like the University of Washington and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center is advancing cutting - edge therapies for cancer , Alzheimer 's , HIV and more . But the state is struggling to translate that leading research into a thriving industry . Leslie Alexandre , CEO of industry group Life Science Washington and a member of the governor 's advisory council , told GeekWire that much more could be done to leverage that wealth of research . " We have this incredible foundation to build upon , that other states dream of . Most other states ca n't touch what we have in research , " Alexandre said . The advisory council 's most immediate recommendation to fuel growth in the industry is to reinstate a research and development tax credit that the legislature allowed to expire in 2015 . Governor Inslee has written that credit into his budget , which is currently being examined by the state Legislature . If the budget is approved , the tax credit would assist companies investing in research and development , often companies who are not yet profitable . The report identifies the tax credit and Washington 's business and operation tax as two measures which make it " one of the most challenging states in the country for life science companies to grow and add manufacturing jobs in the state . " Other measures endorsed in the report include steps to retain mid - size and high - growth companies , of which the state has very few ; assist entrepreneurs by allocating more wet lab space , particularly in urban areas ; and attract more investment opportunities , possibly including state - sponsored funds like the LSDF . The report included another notable number : for every job created directly by the life science industry , 3.8 additional jobs were created across the state . Life science jobs also fared well during recent periods of economic difficulty , including the great recession in 2007 and 2008 . The industry fared better than Washington as a whole during those economic crises , with respects to job retention .
Springboard Enterprises ( SBE ) Australia , an organisation which helps women entrepreneurs become investor - ready , has achieved huge success since its inception in early 2013 . Over the last four years , the organisation has guided over 35 women - led startups to raise above $ 120 million collectively in funding , having assisted companies including Open Agent , Health Kit , and Flamingo . The origins behind this flagship organisation for women entrepreneurs , however , extends well beyond this four year period and back into the late 20th century . For SBE 's founder , Kay Koplovitz , the journey began in the 1970s , where after writing her master thesis in satellite technologies and a stint working for a company in the cable industry , she moved onto founding her first business . " I actually started in sports television , where we gathered all the contracts in major league sports and worked on bringing them to cable , which eventually became the USA Network , " said Koplovitz . Following a long period in television , Koplovitz was in 1998 asked by then - President Bill Clinton to chair the National Business Council , a role that involved reporting to Congress on the progress of women in business . " This did n't exactly float my boat , because I mostly like to actually physically do something to create and see results . But I saw all this money in venture capital , $ 104 billion , pouring into the innovation economy . There was so much of it available , yet there were no women there , " she said . " Less than two percent of this capital was funding women , and even that was only in a couple of companies . There was really no access point , so I said , this is something we can tackle ; are there women working with technology that would be raising for companies if they could ? " Unsurprisingly , said Koplovitz , the answer was n't that women in the business ecosystem were being denied funding , it was merely just that they did n't exist . " That 's why we launched Springboard , to help get women there and to help this disconnect . It was an opening for women to get into the equity funding marketplace , because that 's how their companies will be competitive , " she explained . Opening applications in 1999 , SBE went on to make its debut with its first US demo day in 2000 . Hoping to get at least 10 applications from women - led companies , Koplovitz said the organisation ended up receiving over 350 in that first year alone . " I knew right then it was a vastly underfunded and potentially low performing marketplace , " she said . Marking a start to turn the tides for women in technology , the first SBE event went onto be a massive success , with 22 out of the 26 participating startups earning funding , two merging their businesses and another being acquired . This event , for Koplovitz , was both a " wow " moment and a clear indication to continue to move forward . Bringing the initiative to Australia , however , was n't exactly straightforward , as Koplovitz explained that Australia 's low venture capital marketplace meant it was " very challenging " for female entrepreneurs and female - led companies to raise capital and grow - hence the long waiting period between SBE 's US launch in 1999 and its official expansion to Australia in 2013 . " We had our own venture capital marketplace that we used to connect the Australian companies into our global network , " explained Koplovitz . As of the end of last year , the organisation has put through a total of 642 women - led global startups through its guided program , with these raising a collective US$ 7.5 billion . In Australia , 70 percent of participating startups have been able to raise funding post - SBE , with 33 percent having successfully expanded internationally . As the organisation looks to grow its influence , Koplovitz believes there are a whole host of other elements , particularly government , that can impact women in the entrepreneurial sphere . Looking at the new Trump Government in US , the SBE founder believes there are a number of positives the administration could bring for women in banking , financial and other corporate industries thanks to new regulations in the pipeline . For women looking to enter the " innovation economy " , however , Koplovitz said the impact of the new government is looking negative . " The budget cuts are going to be on the social programs side , so cuts to funding for Planned Parenthood , it 's going to be harmful to women . Things such as cuts to families and women 's ' ability to get back to work , it 's all potentially harmful , " she said . When it comes to what governments can do to support women entrepreneurs , Koplovitz said much of the answer lies with strong social policy . " Women are still largely responsible for children and still carry the majority of responsibility for these other factors of life , so any policy that helps women navigate these challenges would be helpful , " she said . " I also think government can have policies pertaining to diversity . Movement and financial support for women is going to endeavour either way , so either way I think we continue and push on . " To reflect a diverse landscape , Koplovitz said she would also like to see a lot more women investing ; women make up just around 30 percent of today 's investment landscape , an increase from the " one percent of early stage investors " Koplovitz saw in the late 90s , but this needs to increase . Reflecting back on SBE 's years of success and her journey towards running a successful business in what was a densely male - dominated industry , Koplovitz had this to say : " I ' m not reluctant to go out into the unknown and capture a section of the marketplace . People have since asked me over the years how to become a CEO , and I say to them , you should start there . "
The University of Technology Sydney ( UTS ) has splashed $ 11.25 million on a warehouse on Chippendale 's Buckland Street this week , which it will put towards growing the startup community in the area . According to Commercial Real Estate , the 420-square - metre site was expected to sell somewhere around the $ 7.5 million mark , with more than half a dozen registered bidders pushing the price up . Patrick Woods , UTS Deputy Vice - Chancellor ( Resources ) , told Commercial Real Estate the space will be used to further support the startup ecosystem in the area ; Fishburners is just a short walk down Harris St from UTS 's main Broadway campus , while the new WeWork space is further down in Pyrmont . " UTS is at the heart of a precinct that has become a hub of innovative activity , in fact one of the two largest startup precincts in all of Australia , " Woods said . " The university 's strategy focuses on student innovation and entrepreneurship and opening up UTS 's cutting - edge facilities and resources to startups and the community . " The heritage - listed building , last used as an office for an advertising firm with a smash repair business on the ground floor , is located next to the UTS Blackfriars campus and just a few hundred metres from the Broadway campus . The buy is the latest push from UTS to establish itself as a key part of the local startup ecosystem . A key sponsor of the TechSydney advocacy group , the university is also a partner of BlueChilli 's female - focused accelerator program , SheStarts . UTS also announced earlier this year its support of the Slingshot human resources accelerator EnergyLab , sponsored by Seek and Hudson , with the participating startups will be housed at its Blackfriars campus . As the Sydney community continues to grow , South Australian startup group SouthStart has announced it is working to submit a proposal to work with the state government to create a tech precinct in the Adelaide CBD , a " dedicated technology - enabled realestate purpose built for startups , international tech companies , entrepreneurs and programs " . Calling on the South Australian community to sign a petition in support of the idea , SouthStart believes that such a precinct is a " unique concept " for Adelaide that will deliver " the ideal platform for organic growth , collaboration and innovation to occur in one place with facilities that are world class " .
A new startup wants to help you transform the simple , everyday task of shopping online into social good . Data Does Good , a company founded by two students at the Stanford Graduate School of Business , lets you donate your Amazon n.co shopping history and turn it into hard cash for good causes -- at no extra cost . SEE ALSO : This Chrome extension helps you find ethical shopping alternatives -- and saves you money The website takes your anonymous and encrypted shopping history and sells it to brands and retailers looking for trends and valuable marketing information about its consumers , like gender and age . As a public benefit corporation ( essentially a hybrid between a for - profit company and a nonprofit ) , Data Does Good earns money to make the business sustainable , but it donates the majority of its proceeds to any charity of your choice . The tool aims to use technology and data to change the way people donate , and also increase financial support for worthy causes . SP Data Does Good cofounder and CEO Scott Steinberg used to work in market research , where he learned people 's information had untapped potential . He believed people could do good with their data , but they just did n't have the option . " This is something everyone has and everyone can use . " Inspired by modern technology 's effects on fundraising , like the 2014 viral Ice Bucket Challenge , he and his cofounder , Eric Peter , decided to create Data Does Good to combine data and impact , helping consumers and nonprofits alike . " This resource -- your data -- is something that everyone has , whether you 're a low - income person living in an urban city center or a mother of three of a rural area , " Steinberg said . " This is something everyone has and everyone can use . We 're really excited about this as not just a new way to raise money for valuable causes , but as a way to allow everyone , across the demographic spectrum , to participate in fundraising . " SP Image : SP Data Does Good Here 's how it works : You go to the Data Does Good site , select a nonprofit you want to support , and then share your Amazon shopping history in one of two ways . You can either download an Excel spreadsheet of the list of purchases you ' ve made in the past and upload it to the site , or you can link your account and Data Does Good automates the process for you . You also need to provide some information , like your age and income . That kind of info is gold to brands and retailers , helping them understand how consumers shop online . By including it yourself , Steinberg said , it allows Data Does Good to completely anonymize your shopping history and strip it of any personally identifiable information before it sends it to brands . " It 's really just something you do one time . You may take two or three minutes to do this today , but it will raise money for years to come , without you having to do anything , " Steinberg said . Alarmed by the situation in # Syria ? Donate your shopping history below to provide future aid through @SyriaRandD https://t.co/B3y9ZIGNz8 pic. twitter r.com/yCvyZzOE3 -- Data Does Good ( @DataDoesGood ) December 21 , 2016 With the proceeds it gets from its market research tool , Data Does Good then donates $ 15 a year per user to a nonprofit of their choice . That may not sound like a lot , but Steinberg said when a large number of people participate , the impact magnifies . " One way to think about it is , ' Oh , it 's only $ 15 . ' But another way to think about it is , ' I do this thing that only takes me two minutes ... and it raises $ 15 per year . ' If thousands or millions of people do this , that 's when it starts to have a substantive impact , " he said . " If thousands or millions of people do this , that 's when it starts to have a substantive impact . " While users can donate to any charity , Data Does Good also partners with about 50 nonprofits . Those organizations can create custom donation pages , and when they send the tool to their supporters , those individual contributions can be even more beneficial . But $ 15 per year for each user is just a starting point . The company is starting with Amazon to perfect the tool , gather feedback and make sure it 's done right -- before attempting to expand to other other types of data . " Everything you do on the internet , you 're generating data about yourself -- when you go to Google , when you watch something on Netflix , " Steinberg said . " The goal is really to use Amazon as a proof point , and then expand beyond that in ways that people feel comfortable with , but help them get value from all their different data points . " Today it might be $ 15 per year , he said , but in three years , it might be $ 150 or even $ 200 per year . SP Image : SP Data Does Good Data Does Good officially launched in November 2016 , when it started collecting donations , after the team worked on it for about a year . They wanted to make sure they understood needs from consumers , nonprofits and businesses to make sure it was something desired . The feedback they ' ve received so far has confirmed that . Consumers have said it 's extremely easy to use , while nonprofits have found it to be even more efficient that traditional fundraising , both in terms of reaching new supporters and reinvigorating older relationships . " That 's not to say we 're replacing traditional fundraising at all , " Steinberg said . " But I think it 's a good complement to that . " We 're trying to change people 's behavior , and that takes some time Data Does Good hopes to be a standardized fundraising tool for nonprofits of all sizes -- but especially for smaller nonprofits , which may not have a lot of time or resources for big fundraising efforts . Short - term , Data Does Good wants to expand its number of partnerships with nonprofits and reach as many consumers as possible . " Our goal over the next nine to 18 months or so would be to just really nail Amazon shopping history and create a couple of million dollars of new funding for nonprofits , " Steinberg said . Ultimately , he wants Data Does Good to be a " trusted intermediary and partner , " so consumers can get value out of the data they might not realize they possess , and share what they 're comfortable with for a higher purpose . " We 're trying to change people 's behavior , and that takes some time , " Steinberg said . " It 's doable , but it needs to be done in the right way , and be a good experience for everyone involved . " SP
Flickr / dlee13PepsiCo -- the food company that makes snacks like Doritos , Cheetos , and Quaker Oats cereal -- is looking for alternative protein sources for its products . On the open innovation site NineSights , PepsiCo recently posted a request for " new and novel protein sources for usage in their snacks and beverages . " These non - traditional proteins could include plant - based protein , mycoprotein ( a protein made from mushrooms ) , or insect protein . The request also mentioned that PepsiCo has already done extensive work with soy , moringa ( a protein powder made from dried leaves ) , duckweed , cricket powder , pea protein , dairy , single cell protein , and mealworm powder ( generally made from roasted and milled mealworms ) . PepsiCo declined to comment on any specific plans , but spokesperson Andrea Foote said the company 's R&D team is working on the project , which is not tied to any one brand . Other food giants are also experimenting with novel types of proteins , often made from plants . In 2016 , Campbell Soup Co. started selling a line of non - dairy , plant - based milk with 10 grams of pea protein per serving . Later that year , Tyson Foods , one of the world 's largest meat producers , launched a venture capital fund worth $ 150 million that invests in startups developing meat alternatives . The VC arm of General Mills , 301 Inc. , has also invested in the plant - based protein startups Beyond Meat and Kite Hill , which makes non - dairy cheeses , milks , and yogurts . PepsiCo 's request may reflect a growing consumer shift away from non - traditional protein sources . US sales of foods with alternative proteins totaled $ 4.9 billion in 2016 , according to the Plant - Based Foods Association . The research firm Markets and Markets predicts that the meat substitutes industry will be worth $ 5.96 billion by 2022 . " Consumers the world over have embraced a variety of high - protein foods , such as Greek - style yogurt and beef jerky style meat products , " PepsiCo 's request reads . " Unfortunately , that increased level of protein in the product can negatively impact consumer perceptions by adversely impacting texture , taste , color , etc . " Ideally , PepsiCo said it would like to find a high - protein source that has a pleasant taste . Additionally , the company said the protein should be non - GMO , have " a good sustainability story , " and have an " easy to pronounce and common " name that avoids " chemical - sounding ingredients . "
Catching public transport on any given day you would be lucky if you did n't see at least one person with their head buried in their phone as their fingers tap furiously at the screen . Catching a city train these days will likely expose you to a handful of commuters using their phones to crush some form of virtual candy . SP Of course , the new on - the - go gaming trend has been possible thanks to the emergence of the smartphone , which has increased the technological capabilities of devices and quality of available games . As portable gaming continues to grow , traditional stay - at - home gaming has spurted in an entirely different direction , one that utilises the competitive spirit of its players . This movement has been towards Electronic Sports ( esports ) , a $ 892 million industry made up of games which are designed for players to compete online and in tournaments for huge cash prize pools . SP Predicted to grow to $ 1.23 billion by 2019 according to a SuperData Research report , esports was an industry which Sydney startup Gamurs recognised as a rich area to develop their business . Gamurs is an online esports media platform which provides content and connection services for players worldwide , helping them keep up to date with the latest industry news , in addition to providing a space to find each other and visualise their competitive data . SP The startup was launched by Riad Chikhani , Philip Luu , Carl Oehme , Halim Yoo and Malik Akl in early 2015 as a social network for gamers to connect with other gamers and chat about the space . SP The startup took part in the NRMA 's Slingshot Accelerator Program , which provided the founders business development skills and a $ 30,000 seed fund , early on in its development . SP " I was only nineteen at the time and had no real work experience , so the program prepared us to the point where I raised $ 500,000 in April 2015 , " said Chikhani . Although this funding helped the business , Chikhani said the platform was n't getting the traction required to become a viable social media platform , so the end of 2015 saw the business researching a new direction - esports . SP " We looked at the data to see why our current users were using the network and noticed people were coming to look to connect with teams and players for the games Counter Strike and League of Legends , " Chikhani said . SP The market here is significant : currently , League of Legends , which pits players online in a 5 on 5 brawl using fantasy characters , is the most popular video game and esports title in the world , holding 96 million monthly active users and generating $ 737 million a year , according to last year 's SuperData Report . SP " We researched this market and saw a big need of gamers wanting to connect with others on a teamship level , " said Chikhani . SP " There was a major demand and there simply were n't enough people doing it . So that 's when we made the shift into Esports . " Gamurs acquired two platforms which serviced players by allowing them to discover and connect with other players to team up and play together , a feature which is normally randomised in the games themselves . These platforms were integrated into the original model for the site , which helped inform the design and layout of certain elements . SP The platform 's current model now holds multiple functionalities , with the home page serving as a rather normal space for users to keep up on the latest esports events and news , with the ability to search for historical data about the esports games attached . SP To find teammates , users are able to log into the site using their Steam or corresponding gaming account , where they can filter out their search preferences and use the platform to apply for a team , post their own ad or comment . SP Viewing player data works in a similar way , where users log in using their game accounts or search for another player . The platform then grabs a player 's statistics from the game , which involves data such as kill ratios , total time played , and highest competitive scores , before presenting it in an attractive format . SP Since launching these extra features , the startup has achieved a significant increase in traffic . " Gamurs had 1.6 million monthly active users to finish 2016 , whereas in 2015 we had only about 6000 , " Chikhani said . SP Chikhani accounted some of the business 's success to the " massive " esports industry , which the cofounder said has over 250 million people watching annually , a number which is soon expected to grow to half a billion . Despite the international popularity of esports and gaming , the Australian industry is comparatively small , particularly amongst startups , a factor which the Chikhani suggests is due to Australia 's smaller population and favour of different types of games , which disinterests businesses from investing . SP The Australian gaming industry , however , was recently identified as a sector with large potential to grow as an export industry , according to a survey by the Interaction Games & Entertainment Association and Games Development Association of Australia . SP Thanks to its global reach , Gamurs has achieved solid footing within the industry , using advertising on the platform as its core source of revenue . The business does , however , have interest in branching towards the esports gambling scene in order to increase revenue , where users bet on professional tournament matches tied to esports games . Continuing to grow the platform wo n't be out of reach , as the startup closed a $ 1 million capital raise from a group of high net investors , including Artesian , in December last year . SP The funding will also help the business expand its US office , although Chikhani said his key goal moving forward will be to increase the traffic on the platform to higher numbers .
Nextio CEO Aravind Bala brings 16 years of engineering experience from Microsoft to his new venture . ( Nextio Photo ) SP Aravind Bala had been at Microsoft for nearly 15 years when he met Anoop Gupta , his manager on the Office Mix team . After working together for a couple of years , they began kicking around startup ideas . Eventually , they came up with the concept for Nextio , a platform that pays users for responding to messages from recruiters and offers other career - related insights . " Every day you receive messages from people outside your social networks , " Bala said . " A message from a recruiter about your dream job is very valuable to you . One from a Nigerian prince who wants to share his treasure -- not so much . Companies and individuals are spending real money to reach you ... but all of this money is going to a middleman . " Nextio officially launched earlier this month , with Bala serving as Chief Technology Officer . " I wear multiple hats at Nextio from architecting the product and writing code to talking to customers , working with legal and hiring , " Bala said . " About 70 percent of my time is spent in coding and working on the product , and 30 percent on strategies for getting traction and program management . " During his 16 years at Microsoft , Bala was as a partner engineering manager on a wide range of products , including Bing and Office . We caught up with Bala for this Working Geek , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Current Location : SP " Redmond , Wash. " Computer types : " I use a Windows workstation at work and a Mac Pro for my laptop . I work with a lot of data for the Career Insights tool , and we have built a custom in - memory database which requires a ton of RAM , and so my main machine has 64 GB of RAM . Having worked at Microsoft for most of my career , I ' m very used to Windows machines , but I wanted to try a Mac Pro for my laptop to get used to the Apple ecosystem . " Mobile devices : " I had been alternating between iPhone and Windows Phone while I was at Microsoft , but now I ' m just using an iPhone . My current phone is an iPhone 7s , and I love the battery life and the screen . " Favorite apps , cloud services , and software tools : " Microsoft Office is my favorite productivity tool , in part , because I can hack it to do anything I want . In my previous jobs at Microsoft , I built a feature to be able to search over all the commands in Office and as part of that , I became familiar with every single feature in Office . At work , we use Visual Studio , Microsoft Azure , Node.js to build our software , and GitHub and Zenhub to manage our work items , issues and for project management . Zenhub is really great to manage our tasks on top of GitHub . We also use Slack for team communication . " Describe your workspace . Why does it work for you ? " I have an identical computer setup both at work and at home with two 27-inch monitors . At work , we have an open space and it 's great for collaboration , but when I need to get stuff done or work on hard problems I like to work from home without any distractions . Working in a small team at work is a lot of fun since we all get along great , and it 's energizing to bounce ideas off each other . We also go out for lunch every day as a team and try out new restaurants . It 's a nice break during the day , and it 's great for team discussions . " Your best advice for managing everyday work and life ? " Working in a startup tends to be all - consuming , but it 's really important to carve out dedicated time for the family . I try to get home by 6 p.m. every day so that I can spend a few hours with my kids and wife , and then usually work later in the night after they have gone to sleep . In a startup , you are always severely under - resourced , so it 's critical to prioritize to ensure that you work on the tasks that give you the maximum return for the amount of effort you have to put in . " Your preferred social network ? How do you use it for business / work ? " I use our platform Nextio for messaging , as well as Whatsapp and Facebook to keep in touch with friends and for articles of interest . I follow several people on Facebook who share interesting content , but given that Facebook tends to keep showing you stuff that you like , it 's important to go out to other sites that might have the opposite viewpoint . " Current number of unanswered emails in your inbox ? " Since we are a small team , we do most of our discussions in person , and sometimes Slack . We do n't use Email as much , and so I only have 10 - 15 unanswered emails in my inbox . " Number of appointments / meetings on your calendar this week ? " Depending on the phase of the product we are working on , I might have a lot of meetings or very few . Within the team , we do not usually have formal meetings , but we sync up every day when everyone is in the office . This week I only had one formal meeting , and several interviews as we are looking for a great software developer . " How do you run meetings ? " We typically have two types of meetings - one about work items and priorities which are best discussed by working off a task board like Zenhub / GitHub , and brainstorming meetings that are more open - ended . While it is great to have robust discussions on various topics , it is important to designate an owner for the agenda item who can listen to all the arguments and everyone 's feedback , but make the final decision . " Everyday work uniform ? " Jeans and T - Shirt . " How do you make time for family ? " I try to get back home by 6 p.m. every day so that I get to spend some time with them before my kids go to sleep . I also carve out some time to spend with my wife where we usually end up watching some TV before starting to work again at night . " Best stress reliever ? How do you unplug ? " The best stress relievers for me are playing tennis and listening to comedy . Instead of the typical garage startup , our office is a pool cabana . We have a tennis court next door . When the weather is good , it 's great to get a half an hour of tennis in during the day . At home I love playing with my kids - we usually play tennis or cricket inside our house or in the backyard , and watching our favorite shows on TV with my wife . " What are you listening to ? " In the morning , during my commute , I listen to the radio . My favorite radio station is Movin ' 92.5 FM which plays the latest music and I love their morning show , ' Brooke and Jubal in the morning . ' I find that listening to comedy in the morning puts me in a good mood for the rest of the day . I also listen to various podcasts on startups and user growth . My favorite podcast for startup - related topics is ' This Week in Startups . ' " Daily reads ? Favorite sites and newsletters ? " I read the headlines on CNN and MSNBC , and get some of my news from Facebook . I also keep abreast of tech news at GeekWire , TechCrunch , and I subscribe to various startup - related newsletters like the Launch Ticker , the CB Insights newsletter , Term Sheet , First Round Review and Founder Hacks . " Book on your nightstand ( or e - reader ) " These days , I mostly read non - fiction books - many of them related to growing our user base and building products . Recent books I ' ve read include Traction by Gabriel Weinberg , Play Bigger by Al Ramadan , Pre - suasion by Robert Cialdini and Payoff by Dan Ariely . The last non - business book I read was " When Breath Becomes Air " , which is a very moving real story of the life of Dr. Paul Kalanithi who chronicles his journey as a doctor and his battles with cancer . " Night owl or early riser ? What are your sleep patterns ? " I am definitely a night owl . I try to sleep by 12:30 a.m. , and I get up around 6:30 a.m. " Where do you get your best ideas ? " I get my best ideas when I ' ve been thinking about the problem for several days , usually when I get up in the morning having thought about solutions to the problem the previous night . "
Would n't it have been amazing to sing backup for Bowie , sit in the front row of a lecture by Einstein , visit the lab with Marie Curie or gaze into outer space with Buzz Aldrin ? Sadly , the first three are no longer with us , but Buzz is and he 's been digitized as a volumetric hologram by VR / AR startup 8i so he 's future - proofed for eternity . 8i started in New Zealand and has several staffers , including co - founder and CTO Eugene d'Eon , who worked with Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson at Weta Digital . 8i recently opened an L.A. offshoot , in a temporary space on a soundstage at Culver Studios ( where Orson Welles 's Citizen Kane and the 1960 's - era Batman TV show were both filmed ) while its new office is being constructed . PCMag met up with CEO Linc Gasking -- who sold one of his earlier startups , countingdown.com , to Dreamworks -- to get a demo and find out what 's on the slate for 2017 . Unlike many VR houses , 8i has an actual business model and clients , including NASA and Time Inc. It just released a high - profile VR digitization of Matrix Academy , an educational tool for hairdressers , for L'Oreal . The company trained more than 2 million hairdressers globally in 2015 , but with the new VR tool , student numbers will increase exponentially . The off - the - shelf rig 8i used for the Matrix project has " 40 Point Grey cameras , with Sony CMOS sensors , pointing in , rather than out , " Gasking said . " The cameras capture a multitude of angles simultaneously which are sent to the cloud for processing using 8i 's patent - pending software , to create a volumetric hologram . " SP Volumetric VR means " you 're free to move around the person you 're watching as if you 're in the same room , and it has presence which tricks your mind into thinking that you really are there , " he said , which heightens " the emotional connection far beyond the limited experience of 360 video . " Rachel Weiss , VP of Innovation and Entrepreneurship at L'Oreal , told PCMag she saw 8i 's demo at CES 2016 and was instantly taken with the tech . " We recognized early on that VR could have a profound impact on the highly visual and community - driven beauty industry and wanted to create an experience that was incredibly lifelike . After a few minutes testing the experience [ at CES ] , we knew immediately they were the right partner for us . " The one technical challenge along the way has been rendering hair , which is one of the hardest aspects to get right in the 3D reconstruction of humans , " she said . " 8i has worked closely with us to tackle this issue and we 're looking forward to bringing the full experience to market in 2017 . " SP Gasking pointed out that the new VR teaching tool will enable top stylists to cut down on physical travel , as well as reach more potential students worldwide , pretty much instantly . " You can get up close and actually see what 's happening without having to physically be there . The other thing that 's important is it 's an actual person -- it 's not a computer - generated figure -- it feels real , because it is . " I can attest to this . When I did the demo , there was something in my brain that would n't let me walk through the hologram , even though , logically , I knew it was digital . It was most curious . Here 's what happened : I put on the HTC Vive and headphones . Suddenly , a Matrix stylist materialized , welcomed me and explained the day 's tasks . I quickly took a full 360-degree scan of the room and the illusion was complete . My head believed it was inside a hair salon . We cut -- seamlessly , as if I 'd done a time lapse body jump -- to another room and I peered up close , watching the stylist explain flat - iron techniques on a hair model . You can see how students will find this VR tool entirely normal pretty soon . On the soundstage , we got a sneak peek at some more evolved high - end holograms for proof - of - concept " wow " pitches , including examples from the R&D lab in New Zealand of upcoming holograms . It 's also too early to talk about specifics , but communications chief Amy Sezak indicated 8i will put out a commercial version of its software sometime in 2017 . What 's really interesting about 8i is that , unlike many other companies , it has flipped the digital fabrication process . Instead of starting with motion capture and building a digital avatar from that framework , it went the other way , most noticeably with the recent project for Time magazine with Buzz Aldrin , who recorded messages for scientists training for Mars missions . SP Six people lived at a University of Hawaii Mars simulation site from August 2015 to August 2016 in order to study the effects of long - term isolation . They received holographic recordings of Aldrin and vocal artist / comedian Reggie Watts , " which when viewed in virtual reality , simulate true presence and could help mitigate the feeling of isolation , " according to 8i . Those recordings will be released to the public in early 2017 as part of the Time Live VR project . Those with Google Cardboard or VR headsets like Gear VR , Oculus Rift and HTC Vive can download the app and experience Aldrin and Watts in VR . " As with the Buzz Aldrin example , we are focused on getting the VR industry to take a leap over the ' uncanny valley , ' " Gasking said . 8i can not confirm or deny this , but the reason a move to L.A. must have made sense , is that Hollywood studios are looking to digitize their movie stars for eternity . Bearing in mind his company 's technology now makes this possible , which important figure from history does Gasking wish he could still interact with ? " I 'd really like to have heard first - hand from New Zealander Edmund Hillary about his experiences climbing Everest , that 's for sure , " he told PCMag . Would n't it be brilliant , rather than purchasing an audiobook and listening to it on a digital device , if one could rent a hologram of Douglas Adams , who would sit on the other end of the sofa and read those immortal lines : " Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy . " Adams is no longer with us either , but many geek - favored writers are . Let 's hope they are booked into the 8i soundstage by their publishers soon .
While startups are often associated with hi - tech gear and innovative ideas , it 's important to remember that food and beverage companies are changing the way people eat and drink every day . From innovative flavors to groundbreaking presentation , innovation has never been a more delicious experience . And if you 're wondering who 's supporting these burgeoning startups , look no further than Samuel Adams . Brewing the American Dream , Samuel Adams ' core philanthropic program , held its first - ever Pop - Up Pitch Room Competition in celebration of startups gathering in Austin for SXSW . The program offers micro - lending , coaching , and mentoring to food , beverage , and craft brewing small business owners around the country . And the winner is ... Barbecue Wife Bloody Mary Mix ! " I was on cloud nine and so humbled by the entire Pitch Room experience . As an entrepreneur , just having the validation that someone finds your business interesting by being selected to the final pitch round was a thrill in - itself , " said Catherine Stiles , founder of Barbecue Wife Bloody Mary Mix . " To have won both the judges selection and the People 's Choice Award , was beyond my comprehension . Stiles and the rest of the Barbecue Wife Bloody Mary team won a $ 10,000 business grant , a media package from Foursquare , and will receive extensive business mentorship from the team at Samuel Adams . SP With such a lively food and beverage scene in Austin , it made sense that Samuel Adams implored drinkers at the event and nationwide to virtually vote on Facebook Live for the " People 's Choice Award , " a $ 5,000 prize which Stiles and the Barbecue Wife Bloody Mary Mix team also took home . " From amazing BBQ food trucks and taco stands to fellow craft breweries , the Austin food and drink scene is fueled by some of the most passionate people , " said Jennifer Glanville , Samuel Adams brewer . " Catherine is creating an inventive business , providing jobs , and making a local impact , not mention , Barbecue Wife Bloody Mary Mix is absolutely delicious . " Despite this being Samuel Adams ' first competition of the sort , their commitment to food and beverage startups is well documented . Brewing the American Dream launched in 2008 with the support of Accion , the nation 's leading nonprofit microlender . Through the support of Brewing the American Dream , Accion has lent more than $ 15.5 million to roughly 1,200 businesses nationwide . In addition , Samuel Adams has coached or mentored over 7,000 businesses and created or saved more than 4,900 jobs . Nearly $ 1 million of this capital has been lent to 40 U.S. brewers nationwide .
When an individual takes part in an act of harming , harassing , or humiliating another with the intent of intimidating , influencing or injuring another individual , it is the very textbook and legislated description of bullying in Australia . This week Qantas CEO , Alan Joyce was smacked in the face with a lemon meringue pie in front of an audience at a breakfast for 500 business people in Perth . Why ? Because Joyce , an openly gay man , has chosen to create a culture that unapologetically supports the notion of equality in the organisation which he oversees . The question of whether or not he was harmed in the incident is a moot point , while hypothesising around replacing the pie with a knife to demonstrate the potential severity of the situation is also useless commentary from the media that distracts from the skin and bones of the situation . Fact : a man by the name of Tony Overheu made a calculated decision to publicly humiliate another man called Alan Joyce by smacking him in the face with pie because he is different and because he believes in a view of society that opposes his own . There is nothing complicated here . It was a act driven by homophobic beliefs . When people like Tony Overheu or publicly elected officials like Peter Dutton make remarks like " parliamentary processes are being subverted by activists " or that publicly known CEOs should " stick to their knitting " and not get involved in social policy debates , what they are really saying is that they wish to suppress the voices of individuals in society that have the potential to influence others by sharing their own story or those of employees within their organisation . That is the thing about democracy , everyone gets to express their view - politicians , religious leaders , organisations , business leaders , activists , media commentators , the general public - we all get a go . Society has changed the way it interacts with brands over the last two years in a major way . A myriad of studies conducted from the likes of Forbes , Harvard Business Review and the Australian Institute of Management all resulted in similar findings around the important role that activism now plays in a customer 's decision - making process about whether or not to do business with a company . Generally speaking , people are more likely to spend money with organisations that support socio - political views that mirror their own . There is more trust in a CEO that is open and honest about how they feel about a particular subject or topic publicly . The millennial generation does not only favour organisations that take a stance on social issues , they expect it - it influences not just their buying decisions but also plays a major role in their decisions around career opportunities . On reflection , I think that this is why I have been so incredibly vocal about my support and excitement about the Qantas AVRO Accelerator program . Sure I like the layout of the program , the theme - driven selection process , and the opportunity for startup and scaleup companies to leverage the Qantas brand , which will result in a stronger startup ecosystem . But , at the end of the day , I want to work with people and a company that are doing some good in the world , that are unapologetically speaking up on a topic that I feel passionate about . When it comes to Joyce having a pie smashed in his face he has responded with the sentiment of making it clear that the bully should be held accountable for their actions and behaviour - hence pressing charges - and a very clear message to the public , parliament , and corporate Australia that the incident has served only to further invigorate his passion for the fight for marriage equality . For me , a member of the LGBTQI community as a gay man , this reaction means so much more . It means so much more because I have experienced that kind of " pie in the face " humiliation before , as have many others in the LGBTQI community through various stages of their lives . How wonderful it is to have an active player at the top end of corporate Australia to look up to and take guide from - a role model for myself and other gay founders and future corporate executives . If you ca n't see something , it makes it harder to become that something . When I was in high school , media companies like Showtime and NBC and individuals like Ellen DeGeneres were responsible for championing a global conversation around the theme " it is okay to be gay " - it was an important step but hardly inspirational . How happy I am that the young gay / bi / confused / questioning or curious men and women in high school all around Australia going through a tough time get something with more substance . They get to see that gay men can be successful business operators , can be powerful influencers on social and political issues , and be inspirational leaders and role models for young people everywhere . Being that type of public leader takes an incredible amount of courage - and you taking that professional risk truly means a lot . Thank you , Alan Joyce .
So you have an idea and now you need some financial support to get the ball rolling . At this point , seed capital can be helpful . Although the seed round is usually smaller and can come from many funding options ( friends , family , incubators , angels , VCs ) , it 's important to be strategic , because it builds the foundation for later rounds of funding . Since there 's no formula for how to do this and navigating this process can be overwhelming for budding entrepreneurs , we spoke to two seasoned VCs about some key things a fledgling entrepreneur needs to know when raising seed financing from a venture capital firm . A common question among new founders is : When is a good time to raise a seed round ? When a startup thinks they 're " onto something " , the time could be ripe to examine options for seed financing , said Florian Heinemann , founding partner of Project A Ventures , an early - stage investor and VC focusing on e - commerce , marketplaces and SaaS . " When they see the first signs of their idea potentially develop relevance , then it makes sense to think about whether this development could be accelerated by some additional funding to sharpen the business model , and pre - finance the development of an initial configuration , " he added . As for the amount , seed capital can range from EUR100,000 to EUR1 million . " I always find it difficult to tell anyone there 's an absolute amount that is correct " , explained Gabriel Matuschka , partner at Fly Ventures , a VC firm making seed and pre - Series A investments in the areas of machine learning , marketplaces and SaaS across Europe . " It 's a case - by - case and company - by - company thing . It really depends on the type of company and what you can do . " Typically though , the goal should be to raise enough to hit the next defined milestone with a bit of a buffer . " The seed round should be a step towards raising a Series A , so founders have to ask themselves what elements of their business they want to have proven by raising the Series A , " said Heinemann . " Often , this involves demonstrating first commercial traction , some understanding of profitability on a per customer level , and first scaling of the organization . Ideally the money should give them a runway of 15 - 18 months . " " At the seed stage , it 's not so much about metrics as it is about clarity and purpose . Investors want to know , ' Who are these people and what are they doing ? ' " said Matsuschka , who has worked on both sides of the table - as an entrepreneur and investor . Being able to describe your idea and talk about your team in a compelling manner is more important than showing metrics at this stage . Founders should know how to talk about their team , their product , the market , their story , their customers , the pace of product development , etc . in a very easy - to - understand and concise way . For entrepreneurs , the sheer amount of information at our fingertips can be both a blessing and a curse . When looking for resources on raising seed capital , Matuschka suggested looking at Seedsummit to get a grasp of core terms in venture , as well as getting an idea of the kinds of term sheets people use for UK or German deals . " If someone asks for 30 percent of the company , that 's probably wrong , if someone asks for more , that 's very wrong . If someone asks for 2.5 percent and gives you a million , the likelihood of them being a crook or not knowing what they 're doing is very high . There are certain ranges that are okay in terms of valuation , but the cool thing is that most of these things are already in the public domain today , " he added . Heinemann advised that entrepreneurs should educate themselves on the concept of vesting , cliff and liquidation preferences . When in doubt , consult experts . It 's not uncommon that startups go through a number of rounds of funding in their lifetime , so try to be as efficient as you can when going through this phase . " Speed is a critical element at the seed stage . A typical company in this stage is so small that this round occupies or distracts oftentimes many or all of the founders , " explained Matuschka . " Trying to get done with it sooner than later is an important element . " Regardless of how many investors participate in the seed round , it 's crucial to think about the reputation of your investors and whether they 're a good fit for your vision . " There are great investors that are probably just not great investors for you , " said Matushka . " Getting a sense of who the right person is for you because they understand your space and they ' ve done something there is key . " Additionally , Heinemann said that it 's important to be aware of the likelihood of participating investors to do or support follow - up rounds . Learn more about raising a seed round at Tech . Co . SP This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
Software developing company Coding Sans has just released a 2017 report , the State of Software Development , in order to take a look at the trends , challenges and tactics that the modern software developer is facing today . Here 's a quick summation of key points from the report , which polled over 120 workers within the industry . Over half of those surveyed ( 52.38 percent ) named Javascript as their primary coding language , while Java and Python came in second and third , respectively . One oft - discussed element of tech startups , remote work , featured in the survey : 74.6 percent allow it already , and of the remaining 25.4 percent , another 15.62 percent plan to allow it within another year . That 's a great sign , given the recent statistic that a full 98 percent of remote workers believe flexible work options help out their productivity . Better brush up on your resume . " Not surprisingly , " the report explains , " 68.50 percent of startups consider work experience as one of the most important hiring criteria , following cultural fit ( 59.84 percent ) and test project ( 31.5 percent ) and side projects ( 30.71 percent ) . " The report showed that 35.48 percent of respondents agree : The biggest challenge today 's startups face is hiring talent . Other concerns include prioritizing development and managing human capacity for the project . Here 's how most software developers are solving their talent issue : " The most popular way to overcome this challenge is to hire a head hunter or agency and also to use professional connections to get talent on board . Another way is to allocate more time for hiring and posting job offers on job websites . " The good news ? Developers are hard to hire , but easy to keep : Just 4.84 percent of respondents said keeping employees was their biggest challenge . Read more tips to finding talent for your startup at Tech . Co .
Announced late last year as a quirky bot sidekick for your kitchen , Hello Egg was more novelty than functionality . Initially , it was part traditional egg timer , part Apple 's Siri or Amazon Alexa , and part YouTube video machine with a tiny screen . However , today at CES , RnD64 , the team behind the egg , announced a new focus of the product : artificial intelligence . Eggspert , Hello Egg 's web and mobile application , will allow users to automate their weekly meal prep planning and even order groceries . For those of us who endure the pains of meal prep every Sunday , we know all too well how much time can be consumed by simply planning out what to make . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ According to RnD64 , Eggspert will make it easy to plan weekly meals based on dietary preferences and also adjust to unplanned events . This builds upon the initial solution that would have Hello Egg act as a device to inspire you to cook more at home , cook with step - by - step instructions , and gain access to a 24/7 support team of cooking experts . SP " The initial tests of Hello Egg went significantly well and the feedback we received after the product announcement has confirmed the need for a dedicated smart cooking assistant , " said Dmytro Shemet , CEO of RnD64 . " With Eggspert , we apply AI not only to facilitate the user 's kitchen experience but also to analyze their nutritional needs and optimize their cooking process on every level . " At the time of writing , Hello Egg is not yet available for pre - order and the price has not been listed ; however , it is said to ship in Q1 of this year . RnD64 is also the company behind the popular Petcube hardware we reviewed late last year . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
Booking disability services online is n't exactly a straightforward process for those in need . Often getting by on basic funding , service providers for the most part do n't have the resources , nor time , to jazz up their websites or nail down search engine optimisation to help gain visibility . SP Enter Seeva , an online marketplace for disability service providers that is looking to help increase their visibility by offering a central space for carers and users with disabilities to search and connect . SP The platform onboards every service provider under the National Disability Insurance Scheme ( NDIS ) , a recent government funding initiative that helps Australians with disabilities pay for necessary care services . SP Entering public testing in 2013 , the scheme officially began last year ; it is currently being rolled out across Australia , with the onboarding of service providers to continue over the next three years . Seeva 's cofounder , Shol Blustein , said development for the platform aligned itself with innovating around the new assets the NDIS offered , whereby a carer or person with disability was now " empowered " to choose which service provider they desired . According to Blustein , prior to the NDIS , disability services were " block - funded " by the government , meaning only a certain number of service providers were funded , each selected based on their ability to cover a region or age cohort . With an increase of service providers on board and relevant customers able to access them with an insurance backing , the NDIS meant an increased element of choice - a factor which Blustein said raised new issues . " Service providers themselves had very little online presence . The have a standard website , but there 's not a lot of visibility . This platform is trying to provide visibility and a lot more clarity and information about the services that are available , so the customer can find them and actually know the difference between each , " said Blustein . To begin onboarding service providers onto the platform , Blustein explained the startup simply accessed the public list of providers issued by the NDIS . An issue for Seeva , however , was translating the government 's structural information into an accessible format . " The real challenge was taking the way the NDIS describes services , which is a very bureaucratic and technical method to categorise things , and translating that into searchable categories , " Blustein explained . " We work exclusively with service providers and consumers to help them find service providers easily , so when someone searches for ' I want food cooked at home ' , they can get a list of search results . " Refining Seeva 's searching functionality was key to enabling the platform to cater for both a range of carers and users with disabilities , as the startup looked to develop a ' suggestions ' feature to help guide customers towards their search . " If you put in ' food ' , for example , you 'll be asked to narrow your search results into finer categories . Say , are you looking for a service to cook food at home , or are you looking at diet and nutrition , " explained Blustein . " If you select diet and nutrition , you 'll then again be asked whether you 're looking for a dietician or if you want to find a chemist to buy dietary products . " Considering the platform offers services pertaining to any type of disability , Blustein added that the startup had to take into consideration a number of other factors too besides search results , including altering font size , pagination , and adding an online help centre . " The feedback we received told us that this is a relationship - based process , and a lot of users wanted to be able to talk to someone , " said Blustein . Users are able to chat online to help find a service provider , or alternatively access a call helpline number which is listed on the site 's banner and home page . SP The home page also features the search bar , which is accompanied by another search box where users are able to pin their location and determine how far they 're willing to travel for a service using a kilometre radius . From the list of search results , users are able to view a service provider 's " profile " which features all their information including location , pricing in addition to finer specifics such as dietary offerings . To book , users complete an online form where they detail all their basic information as well as any special requirements or information the provider needs to know . The form is then processed by Seeva to ensure all the details " fit the context " of the service provider , before being passed on . SP " Although this is how things are done now , we 're currently working on adding an online booking system where users can view a live calendar of all the available appointment and booking times , " Blustein added . Since transactions are n't processed on the Seeva platform , Blustein said the startup takes a referral fee of 2.5 percent from the amount invoiced by the service provider , a number the cofounder said fits within the helping cater " limited margins " of profit NDIS services deal with . SP To get the startup off the ground , Blustein said the business has raised half a million in private capital since its inception last year . Looking to build out other features on the platform , the cofounder added that the startup is now looking to raise $ 1 million and is currently in conversations with investors . " We really want to build out Seeva to make the transactional process as smooth as possible , so consumers can put in a broad range of keywords and still find services really easily , " he said .
Zeotap , a startup that helps telecom companies sell their data to advertisers , announced today that it has raised EUR12 million in Series B funding ( that 's just under $ 13 million ) . Co - founder and Chief Product Officer Projjol Banerjea told me that while there 's " decent data " available for online advertisers targeting desktop users , things are shakier on the mobile side : " The majority of data available in the market tends to be fairly poor quality . " Specifically , he said the available data tends to be less reliable because it 's based on " probabilistic modeling . " By using data from the telcos , Banerjea said Zeotap has a wider range of data -- including demographics , location and purchase intent -- that 's also more reliable because it 's deterministic ( which usually means it 's provided by the users themselves ) . And while Zeotap started out by working with telcos , Banerjea said other companies ( including , according to the funding announcement , " a leading security company " and " a top navigation services provider " ) have also approached his team about selling their data . As for privacy , Zeotap says it does not include any personally identifiable information . Banerjea also said that one of the key elements of the company 's strategy is the fact that it prevents advertisers from storing data with persistent identifiers . SP Related Articles Uber explains why it looks like its app is still tracking your location , long after drop - off Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China Berlin 's Zeotap Raises $ 6.4 M To Let Telcos Sell Customer Data To Mobile Advertisers SP The Series B comes from New Science Ventures and location services provider HERE , as well as previous investors Capnamic Ventures and Iris Capital . Zeotap has now raised more than $ 20 million . One of Zeotap 's strategic investors , Xaxis co - founder Mark Grether , said via email that one of the core principles in advertising is to " never share data directly . " " The moment it is out in the market , it is uncontrollable and it loses its value , " Grether said . " When I got to know zeotap I re - discovered exactly this principle and realized the company was in a great position to gather the highest - quality data sources and monetize them across the ecosystem . Not only have they figured out smartly the data security and privacy parts of the equation , they also have a neutral position in the market and can offer the data securely to anyone who wants to leverage it . "
Arivale 's Seattle 10 cocktail napkin . The scientific wellness startup was recognized as part of the Seattle 10 in 2015 . ( GeekWire Photo ) SP The field of scientific wellness may still be young , but Seattle 's Arivale -- a startup that takes a data - driven approach to health and wellness -- is chugging right along . The company was founded in 2014 by genetics pioneer Lee Hood and Arivale CEO Clayton Lewis , and has raised substantial funds since then to fuel its scientific wellness program . Now the company has announced a second program , one focused specifically on weight loss . The weight loss program works similarly to Arivale 's general wellness program . It is based on a slew of data about the participant : factors like genetics , family history , sleep patterns , stress , and biological markers like hormones are taken into account to develop a unique plan to help each participant to meet their goals . Participants work with a coach to make sure they stay on track with their tightly tailored nutritional and exercise regimens . Each participant also receives a Fitbit device and a connected scale so their coach can continue to collect data on their progress throughout the program . Arivale emphasizes that its new program is different from most weight loss plans because it ditches the one - size - fits - all approach , instead focusing on hard data that provides a unique plan for every participant . " Research is clear , people who struggle with excess body weight are dealing with a complex scenario of biological , genetic , behavioral and environmental factors , " Dr. Jennifer Lovejoy , Arivale 's chief translational science officer , in a statement . " And for the first time in my career , a systems approach is available to address the inherent complexity of losing weight and help people optimize their wellness . " The weight loss program is currently available to residents of Washington , Oregon , and California and is priced at $ 3,000/year per person , until the end of February . [ Editor 's Note : GeekWire 's chief business officer , Daniel Rossi , is taking part in Arivale 's general wellness program to help manage his Type 2 diabetes and related health concerns . GeekWire is paying for the program as part of an independent review of Arivale , and Daniel 's experience is being documented in this special series . ]
You know what they say : Talk sh*t , get proverbially hit . Co - founder and co - CEO of Australian startup Atlassian had to issue a Twitter - blow to the nation 's immigration minister on Wednesday night , after the politician started running his mouth off."Wow ... did I just get trolled by a govt minister as being un - Australian ? " tech billionaire Mike Cannon - Brookes wrote on Twitter after reading about the comments . And thus began a casual take down . SEE ALSO : ' Irresponsible and irrational : ' Aussie startups speak out on Muslim ban On TV program Today , hosts interviewed politician Peter Dutton to discuss the axing ( and eventual replacement ) of Australia 's 457 program , which allowed skilled migrants to temporarily live and work in Australia."Do you know of Mike Cannon - Brookes ? " the host asked . " I think he is the co - founder of Atlassian . His tech company is bigger than Qantas . He said to The Australian that 457 Visas were essential for Australia and any move to make bridging the talent gap more difficult would be bad for the country."The minister responded , " Well let 's have a look at what work they 're doing in the local market . How many young Australians are they employing ? Are they going into schools looking for young kids to come and work in jobs ? Are they employing mature aged workers who have found themselves out of a job elsewhere ? Let 's have a look at the details."Cannon - Brookes was bemused , if frustrated . Wow ... SP did I just get trolled by a govt minister as being un - Australian ? https://t.co/tM9Qxs3het - this bullshit makes me mad ... -- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017Firstly ... I haven't given any quotes on 457s recently , so any attributions are from old articles ( Nov 2016 ? ) on " abolishing 457s " ... https://t.co / OiQe87IqLS-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017As far as I can read so far ... 457s have been named - changed with a remarkably similar program ? ( which actually looks quite good ? ) ... https://t.co / yHPWzhW8th-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017They removed occupations like actor , blacksmith , deer farmer , golfer , goat farmer & zookeeper SP @Atlassian does n't hire a lot of those ... https://t.co / p4CYttOhUt-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017(One might wryly comment there 's an unaustralian joke in removing betting agency managers , shearers , jockeys and dog / horse trainers ? ) ... https://t.co / R4lN9xMzNz-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017The tightenings in rules put in place actually look quite sensible to me ( full reading coming soon ) ? ... https://t.co/3osZMxrYZG-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017Yep , his quotes were old and entirely irrelevant to the dismantling of the visa program . But because he 's up there with Elon Musk when it comes to Twitter shade ( that 's why they love some banter ) , Cannon - Brookes did n't stop there . Oh no . He responded directly to Dutton 's questioning , listing just what they ' ve done for the country 's workforce as well as taking aiming at the arguably Trump - esque , nationalistic rhetoric the government used to announce the changes . And @PeterDutton_MP trolling ? Us : SP Jobs created ? 1000 + . Grads hired ? 100s . Scholarships ? 100s . Kids CS classes ? 1000sYou : ? # BringItOn https://t.co / AYRdRTKI2x-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017Our default position _ is _ to see out an Australian for a job first ... because it 's cheaper and faster to do so . It just makes sense . ... https://t.co / C1O3GpT43n-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017But when the experience required is n't here , we need a program . That 's what the 457 did & the new program aims to do . Great ... https://t.co / hMvM1UlzSH-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017This " new program " seems to remove large categories of jobs which are nothing to do with tech - industries without those shortages . Great . https://t.co/0MeB6Zkn4Z-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017Let 's separate nationalism and logic . This program seems logical . The " Australia first " Trumpy crap adds nothing but hot air . https://t.co / Pd0mD3dibj-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017And the irony of writing this when here is my current view . Count all 6 of them . # hopawaytrolls https://t.co/qfHLF0E9J1 pic.twitter.com / xnFt7UflOy-- Mike Cannon - Brookes ( @mcannonbrookes ) April 19 , 2017And just for some additional LOLs , Cannon Brookes also shared a couple of bits of choice Twitter commentary . One from a guy know how to hit a politician right where it hurts -- in the offshore immigration detention facilities . And , one from a guy who found work at Atlassian , while he was still in school . He 's got you well and truly beat when it comes to offshore prison camps though . https://t.co / A0aLx1foyG-- Will McDougall ( @WillMcDougall ) April 19 , 2017@mcannonbrookes " Are they going into schools looking for young kids to go and work in jobs?"Yes . In 2007 , Atlassian was my first job while I was studying.-- Chris Broadfoot ( @broady ) April 19 , 2017In conclusion , never stop tweeting , Mike Cannon - Brookes . Never stop tweeting .
There 's no arguing that electric skateboards are n't efficient and fun . But most modern electric skateboards like the Boosted Board and InBoard M1 are operated by hand - held controllers that connect to the board via Bluetooth . But ZBoard , a Los - Angeles based startup , focuses on boards that eschew a controller and can be operated by sensors in the board itself . We last looked at ZBoard two years ago when we rode one of their V1 boards . While we were impressed by the range , we thought the foot - controlled accelerator was a little too unstable to ride in an urban setting . So last week at CES we checked out the second version of their board , the ZBoard 2 . It comes in two models - the Blue with a 16 mile range and 20 MPH top speed for $ 1,299 , and the Pearl with 24 miles of range and a 20 MPH top speed for $ 1,499 . Both versions include a belt - driven motor , integrated headlights and tail lights , and of course two pressure pads for your feet to move the board forwards and backwards . At first , it was a little awkward to get used to controlling the board , especially if you normally ride something like a Boosted Board which relies on a hand - held controller . But after a 20 minute riding session it definitely became easier , and probably would become totally natural over a few weeks of riding . Sure , the pedal - based controls were n't as accurate as a handheld controller , but it actually felt more natural once you got used to it . Ditching the controller actually made it feel more like I was just riding a regular skateboard . There are some other benefits of not having a controller , like no chance at lost connection between the controller and the board ( something that is rare , but does happen ) , and no need to charge another device . Ultimately , the ZBoard is a good alternative if you want an electric skateboard but are n't into the handheld controller . Check out the video above to see us trying it out at CES 2017 .
John Suk . ( WTIA Photo ) SP The Washington Technology Industry Association 's Board of Directors has a new chairman : John Suk , a Harvard and University of Chicago graduate with a 20-year career in tech leadership in the Seattle area . Suk is a vet of several mobile technology companies , including Verizon Wireless , and currently serves as the director for strategic enterprise at Current , General Electric 's lighting division . He has served as the vice - chairman of the WTIA 's board of directors since 2014 , and replaces outgoing chairman Bill Richter , who left his position early as he takes on the role of CEO at Qumulo . " We have one of the strongest technology communities that is so well - balanced between large enterprise , mid - sized enterprise , SMB , and startups / incubators . Our demand for top talent in these industries continues to draw the brightest , most ambitious and socially - conscious people that challenge the limits of what is considered possible . We are also seeing a groundswell of home - grown talent right here in Washington that is being supported by tech - friendly legislators in Olympia , " Suk said in a Q&A on the WTIA 's website . Suk is the first person of color to serve as chairman in the board 's 30-year history . " So many of my amazing predecessors ( including our outgoing chairman , Bill Richter ) who still serve on the WTIA board have provided me with the motivation and mentorship that will help me build on what they have developed over the years , " Suk said of this milestone . " I hope to inspire all people who are interested in technology to strive to achieve their goals in both work and education . " -- It 's not news that Amazon is planning to expand its Prime program to countries overseas , notably China and India . What is news is who will be leading the efforts : according to a report from Recode , that person is Jamil Ghani , a rising star at Target who Amazon poached last week . SP As of publishing , Ghani 's LinkedIn profile lists his current position as Senior Vice President of Strategy & Innovation at Target , but he was no longer listed among Target 's leadership on their website . Amazon hasn't confirmed the hire . The Recode article cites Amazon and Target execs with knowledge of the move . Ghani has been at Target since 2011 , holding a variety of business development and strategy positions . Before joining the company , he served as director of global marketing strategy and planning for the Disney theme parks for four years . -- Zipwhip , a startup that provides text messaging services from desktops and over the web , announced five new senior executive hires today as a result of the $ 9 million Series B investment it received from Microsoft Ventures , among others , in October . The new executives include former Expedia exec and now Director of Product Management Fernando Cuadra ; Director of Software Development Roman Prigozhin ; Director of Marketing Anna Henningsgaard ; Controller Rebecca Conner ; and Director of Operations Daniel deMarteleire . -- Icertis , a Bellevue , Wash. , based startup that offers cloud - based contract management services , announced two leadership changes this week : former Microsoft and Smartsheet exec Peter Boit will serve as Icertis ' executive VP for business development , and Chris Barone , a former DocuSign exec , will serve as the company 's VP of Commercial Sales for North America . Boit comes to Icertis from his position as executive VP of sales at Smartsheet . Before that , he spent fifteen years in leadership positions at Microsoft and three years at Silicon Valley 's Juniper Networks . " Icertis immediately stood out for me as a company with the right culture and values and a huge opportunity to be a transformational leader , " Boit said in a press release . " Contract management touches virtually every department within most every enterprise . I see endless opportunities to add to and build on Icertis ' strong strategic partner network to drive even greater value for customers and growth for the company . " Barone joins Icertis after a three - year stint at electronic signature manager DocuSign . " DocuSign and Icertis have a long - standing partnership , and through that I ' ve had the opportunity to witness the impressive growth and adoption of Icertis ' platform from a front row seat , " Barone said . " The digital transformation taking place within the enterprise is unprecedented , fueled by the need to operate more efficiently while meeting mounting compliance and regulatory concerns . Icertis is in an incredibly exciting position and I look forward to the opportunity to execute on the company 's vision of making ICM the platform of choice for every enterprise . " -- Finance technology company Blucora announced the addition of former Amazon executive Sanjay Baskaran , who will serve as the president of Blucora 's TaxAct division , which provides " affordable digital and downloadable tax software for individuals , business owners and tax professionals , " according to a Blucora release . Baskaran joins the company from his position as the general manager of North American credit cards at Amazon , before which he held leadership positions at financial firms Visa and HSBC . " I ' m thrilled to be joining TaxAct at such a pivotal time for the company . As the leading provider of affordable digital and downloadable tax software , TaxAct plays an important role in enabling its millions of customers to manage their financial lives , " Baskaran said in the release . -- Discuss.io , a startup providing video conferences for customer research purposes , announced the addition of Ben Macfarlane as VP of engineering . Prior to joining Discuss.io , Macfarlane served as VP of Engineering at Avalara , a Seattle startup offering tech based legal services . In his new role , Macfarlane will oversee all of Discuss.io 's technology and manage both the company 's core engineering team in its Fremont headquarters and other engineers distributed around the globe . " I ' m excited by the prospect of scaling the platform and the customer experience to complement Discuss.io 's fast pace of growth . It 's great to join a business with a validated product , strong revenue growth , segment leadership and a large untapped market , " Macfarlane told GeekWire in an email .
For years , Silicon Valley has been the tech haven of the world . With more patents , more unicorn companies , and more overall innovation than anywhere in the world , it was hard to argue with the Bay Area 's status as the best city for tech . However , all kingdoms must fall , and according to one real estate firm , this one already has . According to research from Savills , a UK based real estate firm , the best city for tech is no longer San Francisco , thanks to the outlandish living costs and understandable over - saturation of the market . Despite it 's obviously tech - focused environment , the cost of business was simply too high to be considered the best city for tech . So who dethroned the long time champion of tech ? Which US city was able to inspire innovation , muster manpower , and keep real estate costs below a king 's wage in pursuit of the perfect city for tech ? If you thought it was going to be another coastal city , you could n't be more wrong , as Austin , Texas , took the crown . " Access to venture capital and talent give US cities a lead on other global centers , " wrote the authors of the study , who compiled a full 22-city list for the entire world . " Austin beats San Francisco to the top of the table because it is so successful in attracting human capital . " As a cost - effective , talent - rich alternative to Silicon Valley , Austin was the obvious number one for plenty of reasons . Not only do tech giants like IBM , Dell , and AMD have long standing presences in the Texas city , but the decidedly entrepreneurial culture makes startups feel welcomed and inspired as soon as they set up shop . Plus , being the home of SXSW does n't hurt . As for the other cities on the list , there are n't many surprises , with New York , Seattle , and Boston rounding out the top five in the US . For a more comprehensive look at the top cities around the world , not just in the US , take a look at the graph below and make sure to download the entire report here to figure out why your city did n't make the cut . Read more reports and rankings here on Tech . Co SP
If you think about the layout of a worksite , for most what will first come to mind is an image of tradies scattered across the highs and lows of a structure being built . Managing employees over an open area full of potential dangers is difficult , and as such it 's one that a number of startups entering the market have looked to solve . One of these solutions is Safesite , an Australia - founded startup aiming to facilitate safety management on worksites through sharing and analytics via an app . Another is Perth - based Cribber , a new player in the space biting down on facilitating communication between tradies and site managers for a small monthly cost . The Cribber platform allows managers to share information with their workers and stakeholders through a content " bulletin board " . Acting like a private social stream , tradies around a worksite are able to view content , while site managers are able to view who has engaged with it for the purpose of ensuring compliance and employee engagement . Mike Watson , who developed Cribber alongside cofounder Jasmin Ward , explained that the solution was built to fit the on - the - go , deskless lifestyle of tradies , who typically do n't access traditional communication or project management tools . " Everyone on the worksite is on their phone in the crib room and when they 're around the site . We knew most of the frontline workforce was n't going to have a desk and a computer , so the app is the way we access them , " he said . Watson 's insights came directly from within the construction industry , where he spent 10 years working as an engineer on worksites in both Australia and the Middle East . Here , Watson explained he noticed a distinct lack of engagement with the way communication was dished out to site workers on a daily basis . " In a way it was really patronising , and a lot of the time the workers would n't retain the information depending on who was sharing it . So I left my job between September and August last year and we began working on it , " said Watson . The startup entered Perth 's Founder Institute incubator program , which helped push the early stage idea towards commercialisation . Key to progressing through the incubation process , Watson said , was the focus both cofounders had on conducting market research , a process which helped the pair " validate " their ideas . " We went out to conduct 100 customer reviews to really nail down what the problem was that we were solving . That really helped us get some traction . Once we had some traction and a little bit of revenue it was easier to get to the next stage , " he said . The next stage for the business came in the form of joining the Plus Eight accelerator program , run in conjunction with muru - D , earlier this year , which will provide the startup with $ 40,000 in seed funding and industry insight once the program rounds up in a few months ' time . While developing Cribber , Watson said the startup took into mind potential competitors , which would help define the product 's point of difference as a communicative and compliance focused tool . " We know there are lots of other apps and management systems out there that do inspection forms and reporting and that type of thing . Our assessment is targeting the front line workforce , while those other tools are mainly used for supervisors and managers , " Watson added . In Cribber 's current model , workers interact with content rather than post it themselves , with Watson saying that will be open for change in coming updates . Interaction typically comes in the form of opening a post and reading it , but tradies are also able to e - sign a document confirming they ' ve read it if requested by a manager . Through the app , tradies are able to receive push notifications is a message pops up while they 're working , and also share content online with family and friends . For site managers , content is posted and curated through an online web portal . " They create a moderated feed of information that 's supposed to be quite direct and avoid a lot of the noise you find in other communication tools out there . They can also invite other users and create teams to split up users , to customise content to go to different groups , " said Watson . According to Watson , a typical day will see at least three to four bulletins going out , across things like traffic management plans , daily safety notices , and weather reports . The cofounder added that Cribber is also intended for other side content too , such as work events and bus timetable postings for remote jobs . " Then on the compliance side , if the admin sends out something that they want to know that all their employees have read and understood , they can send out a request for that , " he explained . Looking to further empower Cribber 's compliance and communicative potential , the startup is also looking into adding other analytical metrics such as engagement time and response speed . " Eventually we 'll add coaching around the bulletins , so analysing what the message is and seeing what words and content can help improve the effectiveness of communication , " Watson added . Since Cribber 's target industries of mining , construction , and oil already contain " some big players " , according to Watson , the startup will look to focus on setting itself apart and growing a reputable basis through its first client companies . With Canadian and New Zealand businesses already taking interest , Cribber will look to further its local and global reach through the raising of up to $ 500,000 in seed funding for development .
There is a widening spotlight shining on Silicon Beach as more startups begin to bubble out of the Los Angeles tech ecosystem . Everyone from investors to incubators are taking notice , even those from across the pond . If you ' ve ever had a chance to talk with someone from the Silicon Roundabout , also known as the London tech ecosystem , chances are they know about E - Man Labs , an incubator designed to help startups build their MVP and take it to market . Cofounders Matt Hagger and Eugene Kouumdjieff launched E - Man Labs close to a decade ago with the mission to help startups succeed and create jobs and prosperity for communities . " I recently calculated that over 400 jobs and $ 200 million is funding has been generated from entrepreneurs that have engaged with E - Man at the start of the journey , " Hagger said . Today they have built up a portfolio with notable leader companies such as Studentbeans.com , Park At My House ( Now Just Park ) , Pocket High Street , and Behalf who have raised $ 156 million in capital . E - Man Labs Hagger takes great pride in the companies they have helped grow and is genuinely excited for each startup who leaves the nest to grow and thrive in their community . " I love everything about what I do . Being surrounded by growth is highly inspiring and the stories and journeys that one is able to witness is fantastic , " Hagger said . For founders who sketched their big idea on a napkin , E - Man Labs could be an optional incubator . They are a full - time startup studio and incubator of ideas known for taking an entrepreneur 's rough idea at the concept phase and flooding it with in - house talent and an alumni of investors in order to take the product to market where it begins to scale . " We take in companies , put them in front of investors and provide seed money and resources to help the company launch and prepare them for market , " Hagger said . Matt & Eugene of E - Man Labs E - Man Labs has churned out a wide range of startups tackling everything from smart gifting and on - demand doctors to adventure travelers and augmented reality gaming . Meet a few of them below to understand what this London - based incubator is bringing to the west coast . Doppels is a simple birthday discovery and smart gifting app that connects people through their shared birthdays . Doppels makes it smarter for retailers and the growing community of Millennials that rely on the platform to manage birthday greetings . The company has relocated from London to Venice Beach , has raised $ 1 million in funding and continues to acquire 1,000 users per day and grow their team . Zoomdoc is introducing the future of on - demand general practitioner care to Londoner 's by arranging immediate medical professional home visits 24/7 across London or on - demand telephone advice with trusted , professional and caring doctors . Visiting you at home , at work or at your hotel . Tripwire is a backpacker 's social network that enables you to squeeze out the most of every journey . Manufactured synchronicity enables the travelling experience to be enhanced and the company already has a rapidly growing passionate community of followers . Snatch is an augmented reality treasure hunt is taking London literally by storm . After debuting the service at Web Summit , Unilever Ventures made the first seed investment in their history and the company was able to officially launch in February . With already 100,000 users in London , Snatch looks like the hottest new property in town . Snatch will be debuting at SXSW 2017 and has some surprises in store . Snatch Augmented Reality Game and E - Man Labs announced they have expanded to the United States and found their place near the ocean in Venice , California . " We want to bring E - Man Labs over to LA and have the same impact and create jobs and prosperity for the community . " According to Hagger , E - Man Labs plans to build and launch 25 products a year out of three centers . E - Man Labs will be opening their applications in Summer 2017 and entrepreneurs can apply here . Photos courtesy of E - Man Labs
Arzeda combines cloud computing and bioengineering to create ' cell factories . ' ( Arzeda Photo ) SP Here 's a wacky concept . Imagine you could give a microorganism , like yeast , specific instructions on what to produce during fermentation . Through the same process used to make beer or sourdough bread , you could coax the yeast into producing any chemical compound or enzyme you like . That may sound like science fiction , but Arzeda says it 's already a reality . The Seattle biotech startup is using this fermentation process to create " everything from the material used to make the tent you take on camping trips , to eco - friendly paints , and even pharmaceuticals or food ingredients , " according to CEO Alexandre Zanghelini . Arzeda 's customers are using the technology in areas like agriculture and manufacturing . " We are also using the technology to develop our own innovative products , " said Zanghelini . " We 're looking forward to the day when industrial , environmental and health challenges are routinely addressed by designing the perfect molecule for the job . " Arzeda is made up of a team of computational biologists -- Doctors Eric Althoff , David Baker , Daniela Grabs , and Zanghelini . Their work has been published in the academic journals Science and Nature . We caught up with Zanghelini for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " Arzeda uses synthetic biology and cloud computing to make the products we need more sustainable , perform better , and cost less . " Inspiration hit us when : " While at the University of Washington 's Institute for Protein Design we realized how we could use cloud computing to sort through trillions of possible combinations , design new enzymes and assemble them into the best biochemical pathways to make custom - designed molecules . We published our results and founded Arzeda the same year . " VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " Bootstrap . Bootstrapping at first allowed us to experiment a lot in the marketplace and find the best commercial applications of our technology . It allowed us to gain solid traction in partnerships with large Fortune 500 leaders in their business . Bootstrapping also forced us to have the discipline to develop a very lean operation ( we did not have running water when we started our lab operations ) . It 's very rare in biotech , and we are very proud of that . We all worked hard to accomplish this and it certainly had an impact on our personal lives . Long term , to reach the scale we envision , we will need outside capital . But having paying customers , proof that the technology works and a lean organization is what any investor wants to see . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " Our secret sauce is found in the tight integration we have built between the latest biotechnology techniques and extremely powerful computing . That 's why our geeks ( software developers ) and lab - rats ( molecular biologists ) work side - by - side in the same open space . We could choose to be a biotech company , or we could choose to be a software company , but the combination is what makes Arzeda greater than the sum of its parts . " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " Getting off the ground . Starting a company to build a synthetic biology technology platform that nobody has ever used before sounds like a big lift -- and it is -- but once we got started the momentum has carried us . Also , not spending $ 50,000 on a branding firm to create our name . We did it by rearranging the initials of the founders until we landed on something that sounded biotech - y . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " Some of our deals have taken longer to arrange than we expected . This is a brand - new technology , and countless industries can make use of it . It takes time to communicate the full potential . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " We use AWS for our cloud services so the shout - out goes to Bezos . Still , all three of these guys know what it takes to innovate something entirely new . Maybe we can find a way to isolate the most successful genetics of each ? " Our favorite team - building activity is : " We are headquartered in a Seattle neighborhood with loads of new microbreweries . It lends itself very well to team - building . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " A strong alignment with our values , and a vision for synthetic biology and its potential to change the world for the better . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " Running a startup will have an enormous impact on your personal life , so make sure what you are working for is worth the stress . That 's what we have done and the ride has been great . We would n't want to be doing anything else . "
There are a few particularly popular niches within the Australian fintech space , with online small business lenders to platforms allowing consumers to find and negotiate the right home loan particularly hot areas . Another is investment , with offerings popping up to target a breadth of consumers . From the likes of Acorns , which is gathering up a user 's ' loose change ' and investing it for them , through to Brickx allowing users to invest in property brick by brick , and Stockspot using AI to help better invest its customers ' money , the choice for the consumer is vast . Adding another option to the mix is Sydney startup Stake . Founded by Matthew Leibowitz , Jon Abitz , and Daniel Silver , the platform wants to offer Australian investors easier and cheaper access to US stocks and exchange traded funds ( ETFs ) than previously available . The idea was born out of Leibowitz 's time at US trading firm Optiver , where he saw a vast spread of product available to consumers at an affordable price . " Australia is on the opposite end ... limited product suite , hard to access , and expensive . It was obvious to me that Australians were getting a raw deal , " he explained . Getting asked by friends where to invest , Leibowitz found there was nothing he really wanted to recommend ; Stake is the result , with simplicity at its core . " Equity markets have been a great source of wealth creation and a key component in economic and technological growth for centuries , but accessing them has been expensive , complicated , and full of conflict , " Leibowitz said . As Leibowitz explained it , Stake works just like any other online shopping experience - " you can manage your investments as simply as buying a new pair of shoes , " he said . " If you wanted to find an investment related to shoes , you would type ' shoes ' into the searchbar , and out would come the shares like Nike , Foot Locker , and Steve Madden . If you wanted to invest in oil - related stocks , you type ' oil ' , then narrow down the search based on the share type or region of the company or fund , just like you would when playing around on Domain.com.au . " Adding to the e - commerce experience , users can also see related shares after checking out a company , in the same way the ' see what others bought with this ' message comes up on a product page on Amazon , while users can also buy others gift cards . A Discovery bar also shows users curated opportunities based on what 's happening in the world or market , looking to help give users an understanding of the various factors driving market conditions , while users can also follow the portfolios of big - name investors like Warren Buffett or see what global traders are doing . " It 's important for us that every person visiting or using Stake can become more educated when it comes to investing , " Leibowitz said . Aside from education and e - commerce experience , the core to the platform 's appeal is to be its low costs . If placing an order for up to 300 shares , the cost will be US$ 5.99 , with a further fee of 2c per share for the buying of any shares beyond 300 . The likes of CommSec , meanwhile , charge 0.31 percent of the value of a trade , while Westpac charges 0.65 percent of the value of a trade . Of course , not everyone is making huge buys ; as such , though Leibowitz said the platform is for " anyone who wants to manage their wealth better " , Stake is more focused on the market the cofounders themselves are in : the 30 - 45 year old professional who does n't want to go through a financial advisor . " This market recognizes that investing is a vital part of wealth creation , they are returns - focused , digitally savvy and expect value above talk , " Leibowitz said . The development of Stake has been supported by a number of partners , including Macquarie , which providers users with an Australian cash management account ; OFX , powering its foreign exchange transfer service ; and Sanlam Private Wealth , which also operates the investment service of fintech startup Stockspot , providing oversight on Stake 's compliance . Orders are executed through Stake 's US broker dealer , DriveWealth . These partnerships have enabled Stake to automate the whole process , including the W-8BEN form non - US residents must fill out to have withholding tax deducted , which is handled by DriveWealth . " We ' ve built an internal and external API suite , which allows us to leverage the skills of our partners so we can focus on the user experience and know that there is full transparency over the money flows , ensuring that the customer 's assets are safe , " Leibowitz said . There are currently over 3,000 US listed shares on Stake , with the startup keen to consider ASX listed stocks if it sees demand from users . It will also look to offer trust and self - managed super fund accounts down the track . The Australian fintech space is hotter than ever , with investment a particularly strong space , however Leibowitz is confident in Stake 's product . " Some would argue that the big four banks and their subsidiary brokers are competitors , but working with them to bring a better solution to market is actually something I encourage , " Leibowitz said . " We have a great product and these banks have strong distribution ; there can be significant wins for the Australian consumer if we work together . It could be a win , win . "
Vitaly M. Golomb leads global investments at HP Tech Ventures , the corporate venture arm of Silicon Valley 's original startup and is the author of Accelerated Startup , a book about ramping up your business . Below is a fascinating excerpt from the book about Golomb 's favorite thing : pitching . If you ' ve ever seen me speak at an event , you have probably noticed that I get very excited and passionate about pitching . There 's an excellent reason for that . I believe that a great pitch is useful in so many walks of business . As the CEO of a company , you 'll be pitching your startup morning , noon and night . Short , 90-second elevator pitches . Three- to six - minute pitches as part of a demo day or a pitch competition . And finally , the Holy Grail : in a VC 's office , for a 30- to 60-minute explanation of what the future looks like , if you have anything to do about it . Becoming a truly great pitch artist takes a lot of practice , which I encourage you to invest time in . But that does n't mean that there 's any excuse for having a downright poor pitch . First things first , what is a pitch ? In my mind , it 's a narrative that ends in a specific call to action . You 're pitching because you want something from someone . Maybe you want their advice , their business or ( in the context we 'll be focusing on here ) their investment . Whatever you 'll be pitching for in the future , know that you ' ve done many pitches for your business already . You probably pitched your friends , family and significant other to convince them that this crazy startup thing you 're about to embark on was a good idea . Maybe you pitched your old boss to let you work part time , or when you told him or her you were considering quitting your job . The " call to action " part of the pitch is extremely important . If you 're including stuff in your pitch that does n't help build the case for your call to action , you should absolutely scrub it from the script . For example , a 90-second elevator pitch has the same purpose as the introductions we talked about in Chapter 28 . The idea is to get a meeting . You do n't get a meeting by speaking extra fast and loading tons and tons of information into your pitch . You 're not trying to explain everything ; you 're trying to share enough information to pique their curiosity and make them want to learn more . Most pitches take place on a stage , of sorts . Not always a literal stage , but a stage nonetheless . Like everything delivered from a stage , your pitch is a performance . If your business is the most innovative thing on stage that day but you 're staring at your shoes , mumbling and reading from the slides ... guess who wo n't be getting a phone call . As your company grows and evolves , you 'll probably get to do a number of three - minute pitches , as part of accelerator demo days , pitch competitions , and so on . The goal here is the same : get that meeting . But there are also a couple of other objectives . If you are part of a large , well - known accelerator , you 're probably a great startup , but you have a problem : you will be pitching alongside dozens , if not a hundred , other startups . They ' ve all been prepped well . They all need to raise money . That means your goal changes : out of the hundreds of pitches your audience will sit through , you need to stand out enough that you 're remembered . When the investors go home at the end of the day , their notepads will have a ton of notes scribbled down on them . Your goal is to ensure that there 's a circle around your company 's name , and a dollar sign in the margin . Think of every pitch you do as a competition . You 're pitching to win the grand prize in a competitive field . That means you need to be rehearsed , prepared , well rested and ready for battle . The prize , by the way ? Yeah , that 's that meeting we were talking about . It is a little bit like winning a hot - dog eating competition , only to learn that the prize is a jumbo - sized hot dog , but trust me : it 's worth it . The meeting will include another pitch , this time about 20 minutes in length . If they like what they 're hearing and if there 's a good back - and - forth happening , the meeting will stretch to an hour . So , what goes into the pitch , any pitch ? First of all , you need to capture your audience 's attention . They have their phones in their hand , and they are probably checking Twitter and reading emails as they watch your pitch . If they hear something interesting halfway through your pitch and decide to start paying attention , they wo n't have heard anything up to that point . That sucks for you , but it 's the reality of things . So , you need to lead with the one thing that will get their attention . The single most important part of your presentation : traction . How well is your company doing ? How many users do you have ? How fast are you growing ? How much revenue are you generating ? If your numbers are good , chances are that the investors will pay attention , even if they 're not immediately interested in your space . If someone is pitching something that is consistently growing at 50 percent per week , I ' m reaching for my checkbook , and you can explain to me what it is later . It 's that simple . The next part of your pitch is what your company is about . Who is your customer , and what is the problem you are solving ? This is important because if I do n't know those two things , I do n't have any context for evaluating the company . As I discussed in Chapter 20 , it 's much easier to start with a very focused customer . Make them obsessed about the product , and expand from there . In other words : it is a far better story to say that a third of people in San Francisco use your product and that you have a plan for scaling it to the rest of the world , rather than saying that 200,000 people use your product worldwide . The absolute numbers might be the same , but the implication and the story are vastly different . There is no shame to limiting your user base geographically , or to a more narrowly focused market , but make sure you explain that as part of your presentation . Okay , we ' ve now checked off your traction and the market , and explained why the problem is important to the users . Next , consider exploring how the problem is currently being solved . It is unlikely that you came along and found a completely new market . Uber did n't invent transportation ; they just looked at the taxi industry and thought , " You know what ? That 's terrible , we can do better . " In explaining how customers are currently solving these problem , you are helping illustrate that it is worth solving . If nobody is experiencing the problem you have a solution for , I have some bad news for you : you do n't have a business . The same goes for competitors , by the way . If you do n't have any , it means there is no problem , there 's no market and you do n't have a business . If your presentation has gone well up to this point , the audience is at the edge of their seats . They know the market , they feel the problem and now they are eager to hear how you 're going to solve this problem . Explain how your solution is perfect for the task at hand . I like to compare painkillers to vitamins : if your solution is something that 's nice to have that people ca n't be bothered restocking when they run out , you are facing a challenge . Conversely , when my Advil bottle is half empty , you 'd better believe I 'll be stopping at a pharmacy on my way home . Be Advil , not vitamins , and make sure that your audience knows it . Trust me , everything I ' ve explained above can be done in 90 seconds . For presentations where you have more than just a quick elevator ride worth of time , hit the audience with the how . If you have 20 minutes , it 's time for a live demo . If the clock is running out , a few screen shots do the trick . Either way , the investors want to know exactly how you 're going to deliver on your promises . For something to be a VC - investable proposition , the next part of your pitch is going to be all about the market . It had better be huge . It needs to be , because otherwise the VCs are n't interested in placing a bet on you . Explain how big the market is , and how quickly it is growing . In fact , the speed of growth of a market is even more important than its current size . If you are coming into a big market that 's stagnant , you 'll have to take each customer from a competitor with a bigger name , more money and more trust . On the other hand , if you become a leading player in a market growing 100% per year , you will grow that fast by just playing the game . Next , it 's time to explain what your business model is . How are you going to attract new customers and how is your company going to make money ? How will you find new customers , how much does it cost and how long does it take ? How soon will you break even on them ? How much revenue will they bring your company over their lifetime ? And now that we understand the total market size and your business model , provide some summary financials . How much money will you be making in three years ? How big will your team need to be then ? Something your investors will definitely want to learn more about is your management team . As investors , they are about to place a sizable bet on your company . They need to be convinced that the people in the company know what they are doing and have the capacity to deliver . If you and your team have built companies and exited them before , brag about it . If you used to work at Budweiser , and you 're about to launch a product that makes selling more beer easier , make that clear . If you are the foremost expert in the world on something and you have a doctorate to prove it , shout it from the rooftops . I would n't spend too much time on this in short pitches , but if you have a little bit more time , do so . Remember , your company 's chance of success will be guesstimated based on your traction and your team . Ideas are cheap , execution is everything . This part of your pitch is where you explain to your audience that you have the right team to execute your idea . If there 's even the slightest doubt in your mind that you have the right team , then stop pitching and start hiring . Right . That 's it for your pitch , except the most important part : closing the deal . A great way to end your pitch is to restate why you 're there . " We have some really smart tech that will change the way you order groceries , and the best , most experienced team in the business . We are raising $ 2 million . My details are on the screen , please email me to find out more . " Perfect , clean and to - the - point . For the pitching itself , I want to briefly talk about body language . I strongly recommend getting some one - to - one training with a pitch coach . This is part of the package in an accelerator , but even if you haven't gone through an accelerator program ( yet ) , try to find someone who can see you in action and give you some pointers . Exuding confidence , planting your feet solidly on the ground , projecting your voice well and working on having eye contact with your audience is crucial and not that difficult to master . All it takes is some practice . A few investors will ask you to send them your slides before you pitch to them , which is a little bit awkward . If you ' ve ever seen a very good presentation , you realize that the slides are there to help set the pace and to illustrate what the presenter is saying . It does n't tell the full story . If you send the slide deck to your investors , they probably wo n't understand what the deal is , so I typically recommending saving it for the meeting . One way around this issue ( worth considering especially if you are based geographically far away from potential investors ) is to prepare two slide decks . One is your normal deck for presenting , the other is an executive summary designed for reading and getting a feel for what you 're about to present . Albert Einstein once said , " If you ca n't explain it simply , you do n't understand it well enough . " Bear that in mind ; if you ca n't explain your company to a room full of investors who may not be experts on your market segment , go back to the drawing board . SP
The crowds at SXSW are often hungry for the next big thing . With film producers , musical artists , and huge corporations releasing everything from hit singles to hot trailers , it 's hard to focus your energy on anything but the big ticket items . But if you 're really looking for the next big thing , Startup Night at SXSW is the place to be . Tech . Co has been creating experiences for innovators , creatives , and entrepreneurs for a decade . We work with brands and organizations to connect them with our community at South by Southwest and beyond . Our team , in front of thousands of attendees , will showcase approximately 30 of the most innovative new startups from around the world while enjoying a night of great conversation , giveaways , and of course , libations . After pitching to a panel of esteemed investors , industry leaders and serial entrepreneurs , a select few startups will be chosen for an impressive array of prizes . First off , the top two startups will be chosen to join the Top 100 Startups at Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition at Innovate ! and Celebrate in San Francisco this October . The winning startups will also be rewarded with Business Extra points courtesy of American Airlines . In addition to these prizes , one of those two lucky startups will be deemed the " SXSW Best Pitch . " This startup will receive a $ 1,000 cash prize from LaunchKC in hopes of spurring their company 's growth in the future . The event takes place at Maggie Mae 's in Austin on Sunday , March 12th at 8 pm . The event is free but you will need to RSVP below to enjoy the festivities . Are you a budding startup looking for a little more attention at SXSW ? You 're in luck ! Applications are still open and you can fill one out here . If you 're interested in attending the event , make sure to RSVP here before showing up unannounced .
BigStock Photo . SP Ever feel like there 's just too much information out there ? New York - based Agolo is hoping so . The startup is developing a program that summarizes large amounts of information using artificial intelligence -- and it 's one of two AI startups that announced new funding Wednesday from Microsoft 's corporate investment arm , Microsoft Ventures . Agolo 's funding , first reported by VentureBeat , was a $ 3.5 million seed round co - led by Microsoft Ventures and Bay Area firm CRV . The second Microsoft Ventures investment is Berkeley , Calif .- based Bonsai , which develops an AI platform that helps companies build their own intelligent enterprise tools . Bonsai announced a $ 7.6 million round of funding Wednesday co - led by Microsoft Ventures and Maryland - based firm NEA . While the timing of the investments is a coincidence , they do point to Microsoft 's dedication to artificial intelligence technology . The company has a robust internal AI R&D program , and Microsoft Ventures started a fund dedicated in " AI companies focused on inclusive growth and positive impact on society " in December of last year . " It 's still early days for our AI fund , but with a plethora of amazing startups out there , I ' m confident in our ability to find and support more startups that are responsibly harnessing the power and promise of AI , " Nagraj Kashyap , corporate vice president at Microsoft Ventures , wrote in a blog post announcing the funding . " By investing in startups like Agolo and Bonsai , Microsoft Ventures is supporting Microsoft 's commitment to democratizing AI and empowering people and businesses for years to come , " he said . Bonsai 's platform has been used to automate systems including robotics , manufacturing , supply chain , logistics , energy and utilities . The company also announced a new Early Access Program on Wednesday , designed to help companies introduce enterprise AI systems . Agolo 's tech uses artificial intelligence in a very different way . The startup 's platform uses natural language processing to " read " texts selected by a user . The algorithm then makes connections between the texts and " writes " a summary of the information . Agolo co - founder and CEO Sage Wohns told VentureBeat that the company is already partnering with some of the world 's biggest media companies . " There 's a crucial need for making sense of the world 's information and Agolo is filling that void . Our platform partnerships with our investors have helped us become indispensable to media companies -- it 's hard to find a media company we do n't work with . And there are broader applications in diverse sectors , including financial services , " he said . The company is n't alone in its quest to turn creative processes over to AI . North Carolina - based Automated Insights is working to write " human sounding " articles from pure data , for example . And Microsoft is in good company in Seattle 's AI world -- last year , Apple acquired Seattle - based machine learning startup Turi , and has opened an AI - focused engineering center in the city . Research at the University of Washington and the nonprofit Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence is also driving Seattle 's AI scene , with spin - outs like Kitt.ai starting to build an AI startup ecosystem .
Incubators exist to create healthy startups that can then help the incubator out in a virtuous cycle . The problem : Sometimes the startup just leaves the area , drawn to one of the limited number of truly massive tech hubs in the nation . It 's a problem that hovers over Orlando incubators . At least , according to a new incubator that thinks it can crack the issue . Two established Orlando tech companies , Pandera Systems and REV Acceleration , are hoping to invest in locking down Central Florida 's tech talent with the launch of Tech and Beers , a new Orlando - based incubator and fund for tech startups . Tech . Co had a chat with REV CEO Ty Tucker on the current problem and how they hope to fix it . Ty 's views on Central Florida 's tech support : " Today , ninety percent of startups will fail -- many of which could have had the potential to share their solutions to real world problems through the implementation of innovative technology , if only they had the money , tools and support to make it happen . While there are many incubators around the world that are helping start - ups achieve great success , we could n't help but notice that the support available to up - and - coming tech leaders in Central Florida is sorely lacking . Many of these programs only provide start - ups with limited funding and space to work , but neglect to consider the extensive level of support necessary to really get a start - up going . " So how do they plan on keeping local tech talent in Orlando in order to elevate the city 's national reputation as a thriving hub of innovation ? The same way most incubators plan to : Plenty of funds , office space and potential seed money . Here 's Ty again : " Tech and Beers fills in the gaps with initial micro - funding , office space and access to potential seed round(s ) of up to $ 1 million , in addition to the stuff that happens on the back - end : operational support , experienced counselling on business strategy , and access to REV and Pandera 's worldwide distribution channel . This includes partners and customers at Fortune 500 companies . " Joshua Sutton , CEO of Pandera Systems , highlighted the initiative 's meetups : " A huge part of this initiative will be our monthly Tech and Beers meetups , which bring the local tech community together to discuss how we can join forces to accelerate technology growth and innovation in Orlando . " The next meetup happens Thursday , Feb. 23 , 2017 , and the details are available here . Entrepreneurs and would - be founders in Orlando should keep an eye out for Tech and Beers events : Regardless of your opinion on Central Florida 's brain drain , new incubators are always welcome and meetups are a great way to connect with your local ecosystem .
Just Eat , the global online takeaway platform , has announced the opening of applications for the second phase of its three - month food technology accelerator programme . Just Eat is on the lookout for another batch of ambitious start - ups that have the potential to " transform the food industry from " Farm to Fork to Bin " . This could involve anything from reducing food waste and improving transparency in supply chains , to sustainable packaging and eco - friendly delivery options . The programme will culminate in a demo day where the finalists will have chance to pitch their ideas to an " invite only " room of investors The first phase of the programme selected five start - ups including Shoreditch - based real - time restaurant deals platform CityMunch and London - based chef supplies app Go Kart to receive 10 weeks of mentorship , networking and PS20,000 funding in return for a 5% stake in their business . Apply for the Just Eat food tech accelerator here .
Silverfin , a startup out of Ghent , Belgium ( of all places ) that offers a " connected accounting platform " to help businesses stay on top of their financial data , has picked up $ 4.5 million in Series A funding . Index Ventures led the round , with participation from existing investors , while the cash injection will be used to expand the team and build out the company 's international presence , starting with the U.K. Founded in 2013 , Silverfin 's platform plugs into popular accounting software and other financial data sources to help finance departments , accountancy firms and consultants , such as external tax specialists , get much better real - time visibility of a company 's financial data . Or another way to describe it might be " Salesforce for financial data , " since stakeholders can communicate via the platform , too . The idea is to consolidate ( or rely less on ) myriad legacy and fragmented financial software tools , applications and , of course , Excel spreadsheets , and in turn reduce the tendency for error , including automatically flagging anomalies . It 's also designed to make generating reports , such as those that are required quarterly or yearly , a lot less painful and updatable in real time . I ' m told that 64,000 businesses already manage their finances on Silverfin , either directly or via an accountancy firm . The latter includes Deloitte , the well - known audit , consulting , tax and advisory firm . " Ultimately we 're building a central nervous system for financial advisory and services firms , paving the way for us to become the first real - time monitor of businesses ' financial data , " says Silverfin co - founder Joris Van Der Gucht in a statement . Adds Jan Hammer , partner at Index Ventures : " Fully automating data collection and reconciliation has been described as ' the holy grail ' of accounting , because it will transform the financial advisory , accounting and auditing sectors . With Silverfin 's ability to integrate with existing software and provide a central data reconciliation platform , Tim , Joris and the team have a huge opportunity to become the gold standard solution for connected accounting .
The Sharing Hub , a coworking hub and community founded by four founders of sharing economy startups , has launched in Sydney 's Pyrmont to help foster the development of the sector . It comes as a report from Deloitte , commissioned by the NSW government , estimated that revenues of businesses in the state 's sharing - or collaborative , as the report puts it - economy grew to $ 2.6 billion in 2015 - 16 , up from $ 1.6 billion in 2014 - 15 . The number of people earning through " key " platforms in the sector also doubled in the year , reaching 92,400 . The founders of the Sharing Hub , Mike Rosenbaum , cofounder and CEO of Spacer ; Steve Orenstein , CEO of founder of Zoom2u ; cofounder and CEO of MadPaws , Alexis Soulopoulos ; and Will Davies , CEO of Car Next Door , first came together last year to share their experiences and learnings with each other . " We had a bunch of similar challenges . We informally met up , a year ago , every month to discuss our common challenges , and we found that very often the problems we were discussing were very specific to marketplaces , such as the chicken or the egg problem ; should we first recruit MadPaws sitters or MadPaws pet owners , Spacer hosts or Spacer customers ? " Soulopoulos said . " Before we knew it there were about 20 people doing these informal catch ups , and we were always moving from one place to the other so we thought , let 's formalise this and make it big . " The community has now grown to 28 startups , a number of which will now be housed at the Sharing Hub space . Here the focus will be on mentorship and encouraging collaboration with government . " We want to grow the sharing economy as a whole , and how we do that is not only by helping the startups grow but also aligning with government . I think this is a very new space for Australia 's startup ecosystem , yet it 's growing super rapidly , and in order to ensure that growth is great for the consumer and stays great for the consumer is to align with government , " Soulopoulos said . The NSW government has made efforts to embrace the sector over the last year ; after announcing it would be regulating ridesharing services in December 2015 , it released a position paper last year outlining a framework to regulate the wider sharing economy in the state , highlighting the " positive impact of the collaborative economy for consumer choice , employment , and productivity " . Soulopoulos said , " I think it 's important that we have the dialogue with government ; when they are making policies we 'd like them to get insights on what 's actually happening from us , and it seems they 're supportive of that , but what 's also important is , what data does the government have ? Stats are crucial to quantify the industry and show people that this is a really big space and it 's growing super fast . " According to the Deloitte report , financial services platforms saw the most growth , with revenue growing by 345 percent from 2014 - 15 to 2015 - 16 ; transportation and automotive services , led by Uber , grew by 242 percent , while goods and redistribution services such as eBay grew by 67 percent . Accommodation services have grown by 55 percent , led by Airbnb 's booming presence in Sydney , which is now the world 's fifth largest market for the business with 4,500 hosts ; the city was ranked 10th in 2015 . Sydney had 262,000 inbound guests in the year , representing growth of 106 percent year - on - year . With the potential of the sector significant , the Sharing Hub founders will also be working with the University of Sydney Business School to help educate students about sharing economy businesses , with plans to create a graduate program .
Columbus , Detroit , Cincinnati , Chicago , Cleveland -- startup hot spots like these are popping up across the nation as innovation and entrepreneurship are on the rise . However , while momentum is building in the Midwest , several misguided business regulations are stunting the startup community 's full potential . After much discussion with fellow VentureOhio board members , including Mark Kvamme of Drive Capital and the leaders at the NVCA , we ' ve identified four key regulations in particular that are throttling growth : the Volcker Rule , Qualified Small Business Stock Rules , Section 382 , and the Registered Investment Advisor Rules . Since Congress and the Trump administration are prioritizing regulatory structure , and tax reform is the premier economic policy issue under consideration in Washington . The startup community currently has a unique opportunity to make its voice heard and influence policymakers as they deliberate future regulations . The time is right to enact changes that can boost the entrepreneurial ecosystem to greater heights and encourage economic growth . Sparked by the financial crisis of 2007 - 2010 , the Volcker Rule was created to prevent banks from taking unnecessary chances with your money . The rule is meant to protect financial stability by prohibiting risky speculative investments -- sounds good , right ? Though beneficial on the surface , the rule was written in an overly broad fashion and ended up preventing banks from investing in venture capital funds . When the rule went into effect in 2015 , banks stopped supporting venture capital funds , and some even went so far as to sell their interests on the secondary market in order to comply with the rule immediately . Venture capital funds are n't inherently risky and they 're incredibly important to economic growth and opportunity . By preventing banks from investing in venture capital funds , the rule removed a key source of investment for a number of vital regional funds , which in turn decreased the amount of capital flowing toward innovative entrepreneurs and stunted startup growth . If we can encourage a narrower interpretation of the Volcker Rule and allow banks to invest in venture capital , we can reverse the effects and see an economic boost overall . Drive American job creation , innovation , and long - term economic competitiveness -- that was the goal of the QSBS . The idea was to award a generous tax benefit to investors who provided long - term capital investment to innovative small businesses . It 's no wonder it passed with strong bipartisan support . Unfortunately , in a well - intentioned effort to prevent abuse of the program , Congress and the IRS created a labyrinth of strict and complex rules on what counts as a qualifying small business for investment . To demonstrate that a particular small business qualifies the investor for the benefit , the investor must adhere to a compliance process that can actually take a toll on the resources of even a Fortune 500 company . This creates hesitancy to invest and undermines the potential of the provision . If investors could have a better understanding of when their investment is eligible for the benefit , QSBS could be one of the most powerful federal policies for encouraging entrepreneurial capital formation in emerging startup regions . By reducing the complexity of the rules defining a qualified small business , the government could unleash the full potential of the QSBS . Written in mid-1980s , the loss limitation rules in Section 382 of the tax code are intended to prevent loss trafficking , or the strategy of companies acquiring failing businesses with enormous losses on their books for the sole purpose of using the tax losses to offset other unrelated income . Though intended to prevent large companies from abusing the tax system , the rules often impact startups . Startups often accumulate net operating losses ( NOLs ) when using investment capital to build a company . These NOLs can then be used during a future tax reporting period to recover past tax payments . Due to these accumulated NOLs , startups will often trip the Section 382 rules when they undergo a merger or acquisition . This causes them to lose value because their NOLs and research and experimentation ( R&D ) tax deduction credits are suddenly limited and a penalty on R&D expenditures is imposed . This plays out to be a tax penalty for investment in innovation and entrepreneurship , negating the effects of Section 174 which encourages R&D through an R&D credit system . It 's time to reform this rule that has become a burdensome tax regulation for startups . These rules require a number of private funds to register with the SEC and undergo a substantial amount of compliance cost to continue functioning . These costs can be six , or even seven , figures annually . Because of the size of the burden , Congress wisely directed the SEC to exempt venture capital funds from this regulatory requirement , but it let the SEC define what constitutes a VC fund . The SEC took an excessively narrow view of the definition , and as a result , a number of venture capital firms have been subjected to this significant regulatory burden . Most affected have been growth equity funds , or later stage venture capital funds that often provide the capital for hiring and scaling for emerging companies . To allow the necessary access to capital for proven startups on the verge of scaling , the government should revisit the RIA definition in order to limit the regulatory and compliance burden on the entrepreneurial ecosystem . Rich Langdale is a cofounder and managing partner at NCT Ventures and the President and Capital Committee Chair of VentureOhio . Before cofounding the Columbus - based VC firm , he was founder , CEO , and Chairman of Digital Storage , Inc. and SubmitOrder.com SP Ray Leach is the founding CEO of JumpStart Inc. a Cleveland , Ohio - based non - profit venture development organization . He currently serves as the Chair of the National Venture Capital Association 's ( NVCA ) Alumni Council and is a founding member of the NVCA 's Diversity Task Force . He also serves on the board of VentureOhio , Invent Now , and the Global Center for Health Innovation .
Former CIO of the Barclays Africa Seeker Fund , Warren Squires has joined fintech startup Jumo , the company announced . Squires was appointed as director of MTN Channel at the company on 9 January . " It 's a big win for Jumo . Balancing our technology capability with the experience of people like Warren is really powerful , " says CEO and founder of Jumo , Andrew Watkins - Ball , in a press release to Ventureburn . " Jumo is changing the face of digital finance , has made significant inroads into making a material difference in mobile money and inclusive finance for emerging markets and is at the right stage to benefit from my skills in digital and financial company optimisation , " says Squires to Ventureburn . Squires brings 20 years of financial experience to Jumo , having previously held positions at Credit Suisse , Renaissance Capital and Barclays in London . Hong Kong , and South Africa . In January 2016 , the former VP of engineering at eBay subsidiary Magento , Ted Pietrzak , joined Jumo . According to the press release , Jumo acquired over 100 new staff members in 2016 , which brings the number up to 255 across six locations . The company plans on doubling the staff number in 2017 .
Social Native has created a marketplace for connecting brands with content creators who can create authentic social media assets that promote those brands . And that , in turn , has enabled Social Native to raise $ 8 million from investors , including SoftBank Capital . The Los Angeles startup has positioned itself for the era known as the " creator economy , " a term coined by futurist Paul Saffo to describe our shift from consumers of content to creators of content . Social Native works with top brands to find them low - cost and authentic content . In this age of social media , brands haven't been able to keep up with the voracious demand for social media assets , such as videos or pictures , on all of the big social sites . So the company enlists people who create an enormous number of assets : the fans . Those fans currently do n't get paid for their authentic expressions of enthusiasm for a brand , and brands can select the kind of content they want , such as fans interacting with a new product . Social Native uses its algorithms to identify creators , and then invites them to create content for the brand . Creators are always paid for the content they create , and this content is always created on demand , not found and surfaced for the brand . The brands pay Social Native for the assets , and Social Native shares that money with the content creators who express their love for the products . By contrast , an ad agency might charge $ 100 million for 100 campaigns . But content creators , who were previously sharing for free , could be far less expensive , and their content could be a lot more effective because it 's so authentic . Social Native said it received extensive interest from investors after its early success creating content for brands like Polaroid , Walgreens , and General Motors . " We 're pleased to see continued and growing interest in our technology across the globe , " said Social Native CEO David Shadpour , in a statement . " Brand 's are faced with the challenge of creating high volumes of personalized content to deliver relevant customer experiences , and prior to Social Native , this was a seemingly impossible task . It 's exciting to see the impact Social Native is having on the digital marketing landscape and the interest not just from brands , but also the investor community . " The new funding will enable Social Native to double down on its investment in the Content Optimization Engine . It will also further the company 's mission of using technology to reimagine the creative industry while investing in sales and marketing to continue claiming market share . " Brands are trying to keep up with the demand to create relevant customer experiences for all marketing channels , " said Jordan Levy , general partner at SoftBank Capital NY , in a statement . " This demand for personalized content has created a huge market opportunity for Social Native . They have the team , technology , and vision needed to transform the industry . And now [ they have ] the results . The company is producing astounding metrics for brands by automating the traditionally manual process of content creation . " Two industry veterans who invested in Social Native later joined the executive team full time . One is Jeff Ragovin , chief growth officer at Social Native , who cofounded Buddy Media , which sold for $ 745 million to Salesforce . The other , Eytan Elbaz , chief strategy officer at Social Native , is famed for cocreating AdSense , which was bought by Google for $ 104 million . " Social Native 's technology is unparalleled in content marketing , " said Jeff Ragovin , in a statement . " Not only have we completely automated the creative development process , but we 're building technology that will create a fundamental shift in how brands think about content creation . "
As the announcements coming out of Fairfax and News Corp have shown again over the last week , the media industry has been in a bad way for a while . Heather Catchpole and Karen Taylor were n't swayed by the difficulties facing the industry , though ; after being made redundant from science magazine Cosmos in 2013 , they decided to have a go at launching their own publishing company , Refraction Media , producing STEM - focused content . " We both felt like an amazing opportunity was presenting itself to us and we would be crazy to ignore it . We had confidence in our abilities because we 'd been doing the exact job as a team for two years where we 'd worked for a science magazine , " Taylor explained . The pair were similarly confident with their choice of focus , with their background in science publishing - and the " mountain of contacts and supporters " that came with it - setting them in good stead . Beyond that , they saw a real need for STEM content . " We had seen the reports that showed a massive gap between STEM skills and employer demand . We believed that a big part of the problem was around perceptions and stereotypes around STEM careers . Kids in school imagined scientists in the white lab coat , glasses and facial hair , " Taylor said . " STEM had an image problem and we believed storytelling and connecting with audiences is a great way to transform its image . We also knew that STEM skills were increasingly important as a business strategy for organisations . " The company produces a variety of magazines , websites , posters , teaching guides , and even apps to encourage students into STEM . Its cornerstone publications are the Careers with STEM magazines , a series of career guides produced in partnership with Google for high schools . The series looks at specific niches within STEM with titles including Careers with Code , Careers with Engineering , and Careers with Science , profiling professionals to showcase the different types of jobs in these sectors . It all kicked off with the pair bringing on their first client within a couple of weeks of coming up with the idea with Refraction ; in fact , they had yet to open a business bank account . They had worked with the client at their old job , but with the freedom that comes with running your own company , were able to pitch " some wonderfully creative concepts " . " I think we were successful because we knew the topic , we were familiar with the way the organisation worked and we were willing to put ourselves in the centre of the production process while driving the creative process . We were ambitious and keen ; we grabbed the opportunity with both hands , " Taylor explained . The growth of Refraction Media has been helped along by the increased interest in STEM over the last few years as the realisation dawns that the vast majority of Australians are unequipped for the jobs of the future . According to statistics released by PwC in 2015 , around 75 percent of fast - growing occupations require STEM skills but only 16 percent of high school graduates pursue degrees in STEM disciplines . " Stakeholders have realised that it makes business sense to connect with groups that have previously been underrepresented in STEM , like women and cultural minorities , and our messaging has always been about driving diversity in STEM , " Taylor said . Refraction is working with organisations including Commonwealth Bank , Telstra , and Atlassian , companies Taylor said are keen to be part of the solution and use the publisher 's platforms to connect with girls . " I think the really progressive tech companies are being quite active in this space . I think the key is that there should be a focus on collective impact . At the end of the day , we are trying to create a larger talent pool . We are trying to encourage companies to focus collectively to make a better impact on diversity , rather than having individual programs scattered around , " she said . To reach a wider audience via a central platform , Refraction has also developed CareerswithSTEM , a website bringing together stories from across corporate Australia , government , higher education , and startups to inspire readers and show the breadth of opportunity in STEM . " At Refraction Media , we want to smash those gender and cultural stereotypes and show secondary students , and particularly young women , that working in computer science does not mean you 'll be in a basement coding in the dark , " Taylor said . To demonstrate this , the cofounders ensure that there is a minimum of 50 percent female representation in each publication produced by the company , going with the idea that you ca n't be what you ca n't see . " We want to challenge the perceptions about tech careers and highlight the unexpected outcomes . In reality , there is a lot of flexibility around your work conditions if you 're working in tech , so it is particularly well - suited to women who may have to combine other caring needs , for example , " Taylor said . The company last year expanded the Australian edition of Careers with Code to include New Zealand with the support of Google , delivering 50 copies to every school across Australia and New Zealand . Work in the US is also in the pipeline following the production of a pilot edition of Careers with Code for the US last year , while Catchpole and Taylor also hope to expand to Asia .
DeepMind cofounder Mustafa Suleyman . Google DeepMindThe capitalist model embraced by countries around the world is failing to serve humanity in many areas . That was the message of DeepMind cofounder Mustafa Suleyman this week -- the highly educated entrepreneur who sold his artificial intelligence ( AI ) startup to Google for PS400 million in 2014 . " We believe today that in some sense , capitalism in many ways has delivered so much for us over the last couple of centuries , " said Suleyman at a Google ZeitgeistMinds event in London on Tuesday . " We ' ve delivered so much progress . No other construct or idea has been able to distribute benefits so broadly and so rapidly . " And yet in many areas , capitalism is currently failing us , " he said . " We actually need a new kind of set of incentives to tackle some of most pressing and urgent social problems and we need a new kind of tool , a new kind of intelligence , that is distributed , that is scaled , that is accessible , to try and make sense of some of the complexity that is overwhelming us . " Drought in Syria . Khaled al - Hariri / Reuters Addressing the audience of global thinkers and leaders , Suleyman went on to say that humans are struggling to grapple with the complexity of the systems that we have created , adding that our current financial systems " need to serve the interests of the many and not just the few " . Suleyman , the son of a Syrian - born taxi - driver father and English nurse , supported his argument by making a number of points . " 800 million people do n't have access to clean water today and that 's going to more than double over the next decade , " said Suleyman . A lack of food is another big issue . Suleyman said 800 million people are malnourished " yet almost a third of the food that we produce goes to waste each year . " He added : " It would take 3.1 planets worth of resources if all of us across the world were to consume at the rate we do in the UK . How is that sustainable ? What does that say about the mechanisms and the incentives that we ' ve created and evolved over the last thousands of years of our species ? " The issues of clean water and food availability are only going to intensify as a result of global warming , Suleyman said , adding that the concentration of greenhouse gases in our atmosphere is higher than ever . " We have ticking time bombs that our current systems are struggling to address , " he said . On wealth equality , Suleyman ( who is a multimillionaire himself ) said that he 'd like to see capital spread more evenly around the world . " The incomes of the top 1% , most of us [ at the Google event ] , have risen 300% over the last 30 years , while the bottom 2/3 have seen their incomes stagnate or fall . How can we change that to ensure benefits are distributed as widely and as fairly as possible ? " Inside a Google data centre . Google Suleyman believes that AI , and more specifically the AI being created by DeepMind , can play a crucial role in making the world a better place for everyone . The company 's most famous algorithm to date is AlphaGo -- an AI agent that taught itself how to play , and master , the Chinese board game Go . But DeepMind is now looking to apply similar algorithms to real world problems . Last July , Google announced that it has been using a DeepMind - built AI system to control certain parts of its power - hungry data centres over the last few months as it looks to make its vast server farms more environmentally friendly . This week , Suleyman said the DeepMind technology has now been deployed in all of Google 's data centres , as he said it would be . DeepMind is now in talks with the National Grid in the UK about a potential partnership that could help the entire nation to reduce its carbon footprint . Elsewhere , DeepMind 's AI is also being used to help medical experts in the NHS to diagnose patients and treat them accordingly . The company has developed an app called " Streams " which is able to detect AKI ( acute kidney injury ) and other conditions . It is also using its software to help clinicians spot head and neck cancer , and early signs of eye conditions that human eye care experts might miss . The company 's work with the NHS gives DeepMind access to large amounts of patient data and the collaboration has been criticised for not being transparent enough , with the first deal ( made with the Royal Free NHS Trust in North London ) coming under the most criticism . Get the latest Google stock price here .
If you walked down the infamous 6th Street in Austin , Texas during SXSW 2017 , you 'd see plenty of bars and barbecue opportunities as well as your fair share of interesting people . Among the excitement of the festival , 24 startups competed at the Tech . Co Startup Night to a crowd filled with investors , influencers , and tech enthusiasts for a cash prize and a chance to advance to the global Startup competition Innovate ! And Celebrate this October . Las Vegas - based Fintech startup WiseBanyan won the startup pitch competition , with Detroit - based startup SPLT , coming in as the first runner up . WiseBanyan helps people save and invest for goals big and small , starting with their first $ 1 for free . WiseBanyan was also the judges ' favorite and took home the $ 1 K check offered by LaunchKC . The company has shown amazing traction and in doing so attracted several million dollars from investors including VTF Capital and VilCap . Because WiseBanyan has attracted more than the $ 4 M funding cap that we set forth for our Startup of the Year program , they will not be fast - tracked to compete at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 . That said , WiseBanyan is doing great and we look forward to continuing to watch them grow , helping people save money , and invest in their goals . SP The first runner up was SPLT , an enterprise - first carpooling platform reinventing the commute , led by female CEO Anya Babbitt . SPLT also won the transportation category in the SXSW Accelerator competition . " The idea behind SPLT has grown and evolved , with it 's vision remaining the same , to change the way people meet and move worldwide by providing reliable , affordable mobility access for all , " said Anya Babbitt , founder and CEO of SPLT . " We are working on some major projects with large automotive companies including Ford and Jaguar Landrover , large Tier-1 suppliers to allow these giants to participate in the shared mobility economy of the future . We have a number of great ideas and even greater partners that are helping us realize the vision . " Startup Night Judges Since WiseBanyan will not be eligible to fast - tracked to the semifinals , it allowed SPLT to be joined by the next runner up FLUX , a Dallas - based startup who has created Eddy , an artificial intelligence based robot that grows hyper - sustainable , perfect plants ( and cannabis ) . Led by CEO Blake Burris , he began this journey with the mission to use technology to help power urban farmers globally and in the process discovered that his team of mad scientists could change the future of food and create opportunities for cannabis growers . " We are building a project to launch autonomous farms in Space . We are planning that Elon Musk will ask us to be the gardeners for his future space colony on Mars . In advance of Mars , however , we are putting our energy and core technology to task to cognify mother nature . By understanding the language of plants , Eddy can benefit farmers , corporations , government humanity and humanity at large , " Burris said . As for FLUX 's experience at Startup Night : SP " Startup Night was a focused opportunity for me to share our vision , product and opportunity to judges , a variety of investors , and entrepreneur peers during a few hours of the overwhelming line up that is SXSW , " Burris said . All 24 startups that pitched at our SXSW Startup Night deserve props as it 's not easy to do a fast pitch in front a crowd that size . SP There is still time to apply for Startup of the Year program as applications will be closing on April 20th . SXSW fast - track winners SPLT and FLUX will be included in the 100 semifinals to compete for Startup of the Year at Innovate ! And Celebrate 2017 in San Fransisco . Additionally , our SXSW partner , LaunchKC has a startup competition awarding $ 1 million in cash grants to 20 startup businesses willing to call Downtown Kansas City home - Apply for LaunchKC by July 7th . Apply for Tech . Co 's Global Startup of the Year Competition by April 20th Read all of our coverage and exclusive interviews from SXSW 2017 here at Tech . Co
Week after week we 're introducing you to some great job opportunities in the startup space . Grab your chance and start the year by joining one of Europe 's most promising startups . Check out our job board in order to get a complete overview on the open postitions there . And here are the startup jobs of the week : Amsterdam - based FindHotel develops the pioneering hotel booking marketplace which is currently serving over a 2 million visitors a month , in 42 languages around the world . Join the promising startup now as a Data Scientist ( m / f ) . Apply now ! Forawalk is an Athens - based startup which helps you find dog walking buddies , share routes , and many more . The Greek startup is currently seeking to expand its workforce , by hiring an Android Developer ( m / f ) and an Back - End Developer ( m / f ) . Join the dog walker revolution ! Movinga is a Berlin - based startup with the ambition to disrupt the moving industry , in Europe and globally . The young company offers a simple online booking process and a consistently high service quality . Join the growing team now as a DevOps Engineer ( m / f ) . Marfeel is a Barcelona - based mobile ad - tech startup . It was named as Wired Magazine 's 2015 Top 100 Startup . Join them in sunny Barcelona on their successful journey and apply now as a Helpdesk / Junior SysOps ( m / f ) . By the way : If you 're a startup CEO and also looking for some rockstar employees for your company , make sure to publish a job opening with us now . While basic job ads are free , a premium job ad ( for just EUR69,- ) provides you with the following advantages :
KPMG Australia 's new High Growth Ventures practice has announced a strategic alliance with Taronga Ventures , focused on developing opportunities for Taronga 's RealTech Venture Fund . With Savills in 2016 estimating the combined value of the global real estate sector to be US$ 217 trillion , Taronga Ventures was founded last year by Jonathan Hannam , formerly head of capital at developer Mirvac , and Avi Naidu , founder of Aura Funds Management , to focus on tech developments in the sector . The $ 50 million RealTech Venture Fund will be the first in Australia to centre on startups in the real estate and built environment sectors , looking at the different stages of the real estate ' life cycle ' , from planning and financing to design and construction , sale and development , leasing and management , and sustainability . Under the partnership , KPMG 's High Growth Ventures practice will work with Taronga Ventures to develop and run programs including an accelerator for early stage startups in the space , as well as events connecting startups to industry and investors . Amanda Price , head of High Growth Ventures , said real estate is " at the cusp of a tech - driven revolution " and Australian startups can help lead the charge across the Asia - Pacific region . " We have founders who understand the space , we have innovative technologies , and we have an extremely sophisticated built environment sector due to the institutional nature of our [ Real Estate Investment Trust ] market , " she said . " Much in the way that Australian emerged as a regional fintech leader thanks to building a community ; this alliance is the first step in building a globally relevant Australian realtech sector . " Naidu said Taronga Ventures expects to see huge model shifts in commercial , retail , and accommodation as digital technologies change the way people live . " While investment into innovation in the real estate sector has been slow compared to sectors like financial services , this is quickly changing . Many of the largest owners of real estate have realised that in order to ensure long term returns for their portfolios they need to act now to ensure these assets remain relevant to changing consumer demand , " he said . As part of the partnership , Price will also join the Advisory Council for the RealTech Venture Fund , joining others including Kerry Chikarovsky , former leader of the NSW Liberal Party , and Melanie Wills , former Chief Investment Officer at the NRMA . The partnership comes just a few months after KPMG Australia announced the launch of the High Growth Ventures practice , which Price told Startup Daily at the time had been established to address the core needs of startups gearing up for growth , and " bring the rigour , expertise , and connections " of a global professional services firm to help them with acceleration . With KPMG 's internal structure set up to work with bigger companies , Price said that while staff were keen to work with startups , they did n't quite know how to best do so . Price 's solution was a new division within KPMG that will work to sell what she calls " business design " to startups ; that is , helping startups design their businesses from the beginning to give them the core foundations for fast growth , looking at the likes of business structure , IP , financial literacy , patents , and so on , with these priced according to the startup 's size . " They 're all those things that we in here do normally , but we ' ve productised that and priced accordingly for these entrepreneurs , " she said .
Canadian game accelerator and investor Execution Labs is shutting down . Jason Della Rocca , cofounder of the Montreal - based company , announced on Facebook that the company has deployed all of its capital and that it will not be making new investments . " Well , that 's been an intense and inspiring four and a half years ! , " Della Rocca wrote . " Execution Labs was a crazy idea from the start , and we had no clue if doing early stage investing and providing hands - on support would enable entrepreneurial game developers to flourish . We now have 20 or so active game studios in the XL family , and they are all working on amazing stuff . So , we 're pretty sure the answer is ' yes . ' " The company started in 2012 . " The awesome XL support team will be moving on to new adventures of their own . My co - founder Keith Katz and I will too , though we will still help our portfolio studios at a strategic ( and sometimes tactical ) level , " Della Rocca said . " At a time when the game business has been evolving constantly , I have learned as much as I ' ve mentored . I am thankful to all the teams for the amazing experiences we have shared together , " Della Rocca , and he thank all those who helped the company . Della Rocca gave a talk at the recent Casual Connect Europe event in Berlin . He did a tongue - in - cheek session about why game startups wo n't get funding , but he stirred a lot of criticism for his perhaps overly harsh views .
A " pretty good " website is n't going to set your company apart . Your website is your greatest chance of communicating your branded message to an audience , and you need to recognize that it can be your biggest asset . But with customers getting more and more bored with the status quo , one good website is n't enough . You need to always be innovating . There 's a question I get asked a lot from friends and entrepreneurs , which is usually posed like this : " Your business is established , and you already have a pretty good website , why do you keep changing it ? " Here 's why we do it , and why we think you should too : A website should be the full digital representation of a company and its offerings . So , going through the process of creating a new website is the best opportunity for a company to analyze everything it 's doing . When you go through a redesign , you need to ask yourself a series of questions about the brand : As you can probably tell , none of these questions have to do with technical details . They 're business questions you need to have good answers for , and if you do n't , well , now 's the time to answer them . Every time you go through a website redesign , the answers to these questions either change or mature . This keeps you in check with the growth of your company and how it 's evolving . This allows you to communicate the most accurate depiction of ourselves to the outside world . Yes , predictability is comfortable . But it can also be extremely boring . Use your redesigns as an opportunity to break people out of their daily routine . Activities like fast - paced brainstorming sessions or full internal work days get people excited . It will also give your team an opportunity to show off what they can do , or figure out things they ca n't . We conduct these open sessions with a flat management approach . By giving everyone the same level of importance in the project , we get a more diversified outlook on our brand . Employees are often capable of doing more than what 's in their job description . Your website is a direct reflection of what you 're capable of . Having a tangible example of your creative and technical prowess will allow you to establish yourself in the early stages of your startup . If you do n't sell creative services , there are other ways you can improve your opportunities for sales through your site . From a general content perspective , you 'll get a clearer message of what it is you do and what makes you unique . You 'll constantly be providing your most up - to - date product or service offerings information and finding opportunities to highlight key initiatives your company has been a part of . Getting more specific with data is where you can really uncover new opportunities . Look into tools like Google Analytics , Lead Forensics and Hotjar to really understand who your audience is and how they behave . You 'll be able to discover more about the information they need at key points . A version of this article originally appeared on the author 's company blog . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
startup pitches . Company : OnSizzle . Headquarters : San Francisco . Founding Team : Skeptical baby , Philosoraptor and Overly Attached Girlfriend . Just kidding . It 's Shane Walker , Fariz Chowdhurry and Jim Hefner . Why we like it : Because procrastinating is fun . Seriously , who does n't like wasting time at work ? Yes , Mr Bossman , Ms CEO - you may think that I ' m working , but I ' m not . I ' m looking at memes . SP Just looking at Trump 's stressed face reminds you that your responsibilities really ca n't compare and Captain Picard 's incredulous expression tells you that sometimes the world does n't make sense . OnSizzle is a web page listing millions of memes from thousands of sources . Whether you 're interested in the news , life , sex , love or just keen for a laugh , you can browse through categories or simply search up what you want and share it with your friends . Yes , there 's thousands of memes on the internet and plenty of sites to choose from , but when it 's all organised , available in the one spot and easy to access , you do n't need to waste more time procrastinating . You ca n't really escape from memes . They 're easy to share and spread very quickly across many social media platforms . OnSizzle itself is backed by investors in Youtube , Uber , Facebook and Twitter . In fact , they are steadily growing to greater heights of popularity . At the start of 2016 the death of a mountain gorilla , called Harambe , at Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden sparked a huge meme movement . Memes are allegedly more popular than GIF images , and SP others say that memes shaped the outcome of the US election that Donald J. Trump won . SP So spend your time wisely and check out skeptical baby 's face on OnSizzle telling you that spoons really do sound like trains . SP
EveryMove CEO Russell Benaroya shared news of the higi acquisition with GeekWire Wednesday . ( GeekWire Photo ) SP EveryMove , a Seattle startup that helps employers incentivize employee wellness , has been acquired by health - tracking company higi . Chicago - based higi announced the acquisition as part of a series B investment round led by BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners . That venture fund was also the lead investor in EveryMove 's $ 3.5 million series A back in 2013 . Terms of the deal were not disclosed . " We are excited to be part of a much bigger footprint where our technology can make an impact as part of a broader solution selling into payers and health systems , " said EveryMove CEO Russell Benaroya . " Our partner , Premera Blue Cross , has been instrumental in supporting us to reach an exit . " EveryMove will maintain an office here in Seattle and grow its team , Benaroya said . In 2015 , the startup endured two rounds of layoffs in an attempt to reduce cash burn . EveryMove is a graduate of the Techstars Seattle startup accelerator . Higi operates a network of more than 10,000 health screening stations at grocery and drug stores around the country . Consumers can use the kiosks to get information about their personal health and higi manages that data to provide insights to pharmacists and healthcare providers . The company has collected data from 36 million unique users and also gets wellness information from about 80 connected devices , wearables , and apps . " This investment , along with the integration of EveryMove , further extends higi 's leadership in enabling population health and our ability to help our payer , provider , retail , and brand customers to drive behavior change , cost savings , and improved health , " higi CEO Jeff Bennett said in a press release Wednesday . We ' ve reached out to EveryMove for additional comments and will update this story when we hear back . SP
When Sergey Brin co - founded Google as a Stanford Ph.D. student , he never imagined that the company would become so wide - ranging and successful . He certainly never imagined that he 'd be onstage at the World Economic Forum , where founder Klaus Schwab would tell him that " the prime minister of quite an important country " recently called Alphabet ( Google 's parent company ) one of the four powers left in the world . Despite Alphabet 's global dominance , Brin modestly attributes much of his success to luck . He said he was in Silicon Valley , where multiple technological revolutions ( semiconductor , internet , mobile ) have occurred and where a culture of both experimentation and social responsibility prevails . " If I told you all of the dumb things I did , we 'd have to have a much longer session , " Brin said . " And the successes , they often are chance . " This serendipitous perspective also defines Brin 's view of humanity and business in the future , as he explained in a talk at the World Economic Forum earlier today . Brin began with a caveat about his ability to predict the next technological frontier . " You maybe should doubt my answers a little bit , " he told the audience . Brin then shared an anecdote : A few years ago , he underestimated and largely disregarded Google 's research into artificial intelligence , believing that the concept of " neural nets " had been proven infeasible back in the 1990s . Today , Google Brain , the company 's AI research division , touches nearly all of the company 's projects . Brin encourages experimentation and innovation , just as one of his professors did when he wanted to leave Stanford to launch Google . But his career has taught him that the future is impossible to predict . He is cautious in his forecasts . " The evolution of technology might be inherently chaotic , " he said . " We have a set of values and desires today that are probably pretty different than before the Industrial Revolution , and different still than before the Agrarian Revolution . And we might continue to evolve . " Brin noted that values and desires have shifted as jobs and work have changed , thanks to automation . Automation has given humans more time to think , reflect and pursue work that gives them a sense of purpose . As automation becomes more prevalent , Brin said jobs should retain this role . People should have the means to educate themselves for reasons other than to fulfill an economic need . " I guess I would hope that -- as some of the maybe more mundane tasks are alleviated through technology -- people find more and more creative and meaningful ways to spend their time , " he said . " People find profound meaning in their day - to - day jobs , and I think that 's an important thing for us to preserve . " He explained that today 's technology provides unprecedented opportunities for young people to pursue their interests -- but also a unique new challenge . " There are a lot of affordances that are such conveniences today that make it easy . But there 's also a global stage that makes it hard , " Brin said . " I would encourage young folks to take chances and pursue their dreams and try to silence out the voices that say , ' Actually , there are 1,000 startups trying to do self - riding bicycles . ' " Finally , Brin shared his own values as humanity hurtles toward an uncertain future . He emphasized that the objective of business must shift to meaningful , socially driven goals beyond moneymaking -- just as he believes that , despite automation , individuals must continue to have the means to pursue jobs that fulfill their passions . " You ca n't just think narrowly , ' Oh , this is your business , you 're just going to maximize earnings , it does n't matter what 's going on around you , " Brin said . " If you look at the laws and regulations and SEC rules , technically you 're meant to be purely profit seeking , and that 's not really a reasonable position to take . " Lydia Belanger is an associate editor at Entrepreneur.com . Her work has appeared in Inc. and Wired .
A few weeks ago we introduced you to hibob as one of 10 UK - based startups to look out for in 2017 . Today , the London - based HR and employee benefits startup announced it has closed $ 17.5 million Series A funding round . The latest round is led by US based Battery Ventures with additional participation from Eight Roads Ventures , the proprietary investment arm of Fidelity International Limited and Arbor Ventures , as well as Bessemer Venture Partners , who led the company 's seed round of $ 7.5 Million in June 2016 . Today 's Series A announcement , one of the largest of its kind in the UK , and brings hibob 's total funding to $ 25 million . Since its UK launch in 2016 , hibob has increased its client base to include companies such as Wieden+Kennedy and Receipt Bank amongst hundreds of others serving thousands of employees , it has grown its management team to include veteran entrepreneurs and industry leaders and deepened its technology and operations . The fresh capital will fuel the next phase of growth that will continue to strengthen hibob 's core HR and Benefits technology , increase sales by helping SMEs streamline their end - to - end HR process , build strategic partnerships with Benefit leaders in the ecosystem , address evolving regulatory requirements and expand its operations globally by the end of 2017 . Ronni Zehavi , Co - founder and CEO of hibob stated : " Our vision is to transform the way businesses engage with their employees and empower HR to be at the forefront of this fundamental change . We see mobile and social media , the growing Millennial workforce and cloud technologies as major forces for this long - needed innovation . We are honored to have raised additional investment from VCs who were part of our seed round and welcome new visionaries on our journey to reshape the way businesses understand and interact with their employees . " Currently , hibob employs 50 people in the UK and Israel and has hundreds of companies in the UK who are actively using its platform . With the recent announcement of its partnership with one of the UK 's leading pension providers , Aviva , hibob 's solution will be extended to millions of businesses that need to auto - enroll their staff with a pension plan in 2017 . hibob plans to grow to 80 employees and expand its operations to the US , Asia - Pacific and Israel in 2017 . Adam Fisher , Partner at Bessemer Venture Partners commented : " hibob has rapidly built a world class HR / benefits product for people - oriented companies that demand a flexible HR solution that can adapt to their unique employee base . We are proud to be investors in HiBob from the company 's founding and excited to back them again in the latest financing . "
Venture capitalists will certainly remember the year 2015 as the " year of drone startups , " but the revolution in the ecosystem still has not reached its peak . As reported by WSJ , venture capitalists will continue to invest in drone - related pitches , especially after the last year 's introduction of federal rules governing the commercial use of drones . From $ 177 million in 2014 to $ 240 million in 2016 , the investments in drone startups over previous two years were quite remarkable . With the use of drones becoming mainstream in different sectors , the demand for specialized aircraft will continue to grow and keep drone startups in demand . These circumstances are apparently helping build up an entirely new economy , with the following sectors benefiting the most from the increased drone production . Thanks to technical innovation , reduced costs and more flexible regulations , drones are quickly entering its commercial use era . From insurance and utilities businesses , to oil and gas or waste management companies , drones are providing safer and more efficient ways to do business . Previously unreachable remote areas , dangerous sites or time - consuming endeavors are now becoming accessible and time - efficient as commercial drones are providing faster , safer and smarter ways to track and process data . Airware is leading the crowd with accessible drone solutions for telecom , utilities , oil and gas , landfill and waste management , construction and mining and insurance companies . Skycatch and Kespry have also closed new rounds in 2016 , announcing innovations in aerial mapping and enterprise inventory management , respectfully . SP These three are perfect examples of the developments in the sector , beating the path to drone innovation in enterprise . Drones have introduced a major innovation in farming and agriculture by allowing for precise and easy monitoring , measuring and responding to changes in crops and fields . The way in which drones have revolutionized the field are reflected in real - time tracking and better quality imaging , which allows for smarter and faster decisions for farmers . The DJI Agras MG-1 has gone one step further to assist in the spraying process for plant protection and fertilization . Water resistant , corrosion- and dust - proof , DJI Agras is specifically designed for agricultural purposes , especially for spraying process since it can carry 10 kg of fluid and cover 10 acres ( 4 hectares ) in a single flight . The disruptive nature drone of technology has transformed mining and construction sectors to a great degree . With the aerial tech now used to view , measure and record data on stock piles , monitor wall movements in mines , inspect various infrastructure lines and perform mineral exploration , the mining sector has shown the fastest growth in drone adaptation . Similarly , construction site mapping and planning that used to take up a lot of time and was prone to mistakes , has now become a matter of minutes with drones ' ability to capture the data automatically . Among the startups specializing in drone technology for construction , Identified technologies combines hardware and software system to revolutionize the way we build . With its eeDaaSS model that includes pre - flight planning , camera and sensor settings , post - flight analysis and quality control , in addition to reporting and analytics , the company opens a set of new opportunities for companies in the sector . With STEM skills growing in demand both in schools and at workplace , Makeblock Airblock has offered a truly unique way to help students develop these skills . Makeblock Airblock a modular and programmable drone intended for the education sector , whose core idea is to help enhance students ' STEM skills at an early age . The use of drones like this one represent the next big tech trend in classrooms , and are expected to help awaken children 's passion for active exploration of technology . Combined with a series of toy - grade drones made specifically for kids , the specialized models for education can encourage the youngest to get involved with the latest tech inventions . SP Drone technology has quickly surpassed its initial aerial photography and video application and has tapped even into the medicine sector , making it an important factor in saving lives of millions . A great number of startups has emerged to offer solutions for medical equipment and supply delivery via drone technology , which has made an important difference for healthcare , medical research and even human rights organizations . We have witnessed the launching of Zipline 's , ( Californian startup ) solution to deliver medical supplies to inaccessible regions in Rwanda . Researchers at the The Sheffield Centre for Robotics are testing the ability of microdrones to potentially replace invasive surgery by releasing chemotherapy only on the regions affected by the cancer . Apparently , drones are changing the face of traditional industries faster than many other tech trends we have seen over the last several years . With business analysts predicting a continued growth of the economy , the five sectors above are a safe focus for up - and - coming drone manufacturers .
You have approximately four days to apply to the pitch - offs in D.C. and Miami . I tell you this because inevitably , at every single meetup , some founder walks up and asks if they can pitch because they missed the application window . Please do n't be that person . Be the one that gets up on that stage and turns skeptics into customers in a matter of 60 seconds . The pitch - off will showcase ten startups . Each will have exactly one minute to pitch their product to the audience and a panel of expert judges , including local VCs and TC editors . First place will get a table in Startup Alley at TC Disrupt New York in May. Second place gets two tickets to the conference , and the Audience Choice winner takes home one ticket to the big show . Apply here ! Beyond the actual pitch - off , TC Meetups are fun for all . It 's an opportunity for the local tech community to come to one place and get to know each other over a few beers . Plus , we 'll be raffling off a single spot in the pitch - off for perspective entrepreneurs that want to hop up on stage and evangelize their product . We will be announcing judges shortly , but in the meantime , buy tickets . You can pick up tickets to the D.C. Meetup on February 21 right here . SP You can pick up tickets to the Miami Meetup on February 23 right here . SP We ca n't wait to see you there ! Sponsors make TechCrunch Events possible . If you want to learn more about sponsorships with TechCrunch , shoot an email to sponsors@techcrunch.com .
startup pitches . Company : Swyfft . Headquarters : Mobile , Alabama . Founding Team : Sean Maher . Why we like it : Out of all the products you could be browsing for on the internet , homeowner 's insurance is n't exactly the most sexy now is it . In fact , it 's as unsexy as you can possibly get . But for those fortunate enough to actually own a home , it is a necessity . SP Swyfft takes the pain out of this process by providing lucky homeowners with a quote in seconds . Whereas other online based insurance platforms make you fill out endless , mind - numbing forms , prolonging the pain , all you need to do with Swyfft is type in your address and voila , you 'll have yourself a quote for your big , shiny house , you lucky bastard . Founded in 2014 , Swyfft propels home insurance into the twenty - first century . In a modern day David and Goliath , Swyfft is going up against the giants of the insurance world - think GEICO , Esurance , and Progressive . In this well - established market , the intelligent home insurance enterprise is disrupting the industry by using unique analytics , big data and artificial intelligence ( AI ) to save its customers time and money . Furthermore , customers receive an improved online user experience without sacrificing the underwriting integrity provided by traditional insurance firms . Swyfft 's patented Big Data technology uses artificial intelligence ( AI ) to turn analytical insights into big savings for consumers , all the while ensuring quality home protection . Swyfft 's homeowners insurance covers the full cost of replacing your home , with no deduction for depreciation and no dollar limit . What 's more , in addition to covering your home , Swyfft homeowners insurance policy provides important extra coverages including personal property , living expenses , personal liability and medical expenses . SP The platform 's web app is simple to use and easily customizable . Users simply enter their home address , with no personal information . Swyfft 's multi - patented AI - driven technology sorts through data points - including , fires , hail , and tornados - to create policies that save an estimated 50% of customers money . Policies can then be quoted , adjusted , bound , issued and emailed to the customer in less than a minute , directly from a phone , tablet or laptop . Now , that 's something that we would write home about or even buy a house for , if we ever had the money .
Digital All Stars is a series of articles which aims to celebrate the best of South African digital . The articles , which will appear on Memeburn and Ventureburn , recognise and celebrate South Africa 's best digital entrepreneurs , business people , advertisers , and media professionals among others . The All Stars listed in the articles are compiled using a combination of our editorial team 's own knowledge , that of experts in the fields covered by each article , as well as public vote . Education is a problem in South Africa , whether it be under - funded schools , a lack of teachers , or collapsing buildings . There are private organisations trying to tackle these problems and make education ' easier ' for SA learners . In this article , we feature some of the best SA startups who are tackling education through technology -- whether they 're gaining traction , use algorithms , make parents ' lives easier , or have a range of courses available . The names are featured alphabetically by startup . SP This edtech startup wants to change the way education is done by using a combination of story - telling and gamification for each of its courses . It was launched at the 2015 Web Summit in Dublin , and is founded by the ex - head of Innovation for Ogilvy & Mather in Africa , Chris Rawlinson . Some of its courses include Social Media and Behavioural Economics , with the likes of How to Start a Start Up and The Internet of Things coming soon . Clock Education looks to solve the education crisis through adaptive technology that enables personalised and self - paced learning . It creates these systems for a range of institutions across all sectors . The company is founded by CEO Kolawole Olajide , who is an Anzisha fellow , the winner of a R500 000 SAB innovation prize , and featured in the 2015 Mail & Guardian 200 Young South Africans list . SP Founded in Cape Town in 2013 by Tabitha Bailey , this SaaS edtech startup uses adaptive technology to assess the proficiency levels of students with the correct content for publishers and content creators . It also struck a deal with startup incubator Playlogix in order to build the software . In 2013 , the startup took the top prize at the Telkom Open Innovation Mega Challenge . In 2014 , Daptio was named one of Africa 's top 10 most innovative companies by Fast Company , a runner - up in the Get in the Ring 2014 challenge , and participated in the Edupreneurship Programme . Growing out of publishing house Cover2Cover Books , FunDza Literacy Trust is a non - profit literacy trust with an aim of making reading accessible and appealing to the youth of South Africa . In its early days , the service would serve specifically - commissioned teen fiction using the Mxit portal . It was part of Media24 's ' Giving You Space to Grow ' programme , a finalist in The Tech Awards and the 2014 WISE awards , and part of Project Isizwe . SP Easily the poster child for edtech in SA , GetSmarter is based out of Cape Town and London . It was founded in 2008 by brothers Sam and Rob Paddock with its first course being in Wine Evaluation . GetSmarter 's courses are reviewed annually by the likes of Wits , Harvard , UCT , and Goldsmiths to make sure the content is always current . In 2015 , it partnered with CiTi to offer bursaries to entrepreneurial students , and according to the website has over 40 000 life - long learners , with their goal to reach one million by 2030 . This startup is a hybrid of fintech and edtech in the sector , with its first test having been run in November last year . The financial app allows parents to pay small amounts to the school and teachers , such as for civvies days . The app is also backed by Nedbank , who has just concluded a partnership with it . SP Describing itself as a social enterprise , Paper Video uses QR codes on previous exam papers . When students scan the QR code , they 're presented with a video helping them on the topic . It currently offers videos on accounting , life sciences , mathematics , natural sciences , physical sciences , and unimaths , across grades eight to 12 and post matric , depending on the subject . One of its latest innovations is the Paper Video hub , which allows learners to stream 700 hours of help videos without the need of an internet connection . Paper Video is also one of the first startups to be part of the EdTech Open Innovation Cluster in Africa . Rethink Education is a mobile maths and science platform that allows learners to study anywhere , anytime . It was founded by Douglas Hoernle , who was inspired by Khan Academy . The startup has partnered with quite a few high - profile partners , such as Naspers , Allan Gray , Microsoft , and even Mxit before it shut down . SP A Cape Town - based 2D animation and game development studio , Sea Monster is one of the first edtech participants in the EdTech Open Innovation Cluster . According to CEO Glenn Gillis , two of the company 's products , PnP 's Super Animal AR game and Old Mutual 's Moneyversity , have yielded positive results in the edtech space . Sea Monster was one of five startups chosen to participate in the Cocreate2Accelerate programme , was one of Grindstone 's 13 tech startups of 2015 , received R6.5-million from the Western Cape government , and was featured on 702/Cape Talk Radio 's Nedbank Business Accelerator programme . Taking more of a specific approach than other edtech companies on this list , SeeBox focuses on electronic engineering . More specifically , the startup has a game console that teaches kids about the subject through practical use . SeeBox won the education category at the African Entrepreneurship Awards and delivered its first units to Manenberg High School in September last year . SP Siyavula 's aim is to produce open - source Maths and Physical Science textbooks for high school students . Initially , the company created open - source maths and physical science textbooks , which were handed over to the South African Department of Basic Education for free . The company would go on to create a cognitive learning engine that identifies the relevant needs of students and adapts its questions to the perfect difficulty for the student . The engine pushes learners at the appropriate difficulty level to get a score of at least 70% in their exercises . This startup concentrates on content distribution and mobile publishing with over 76 000 free ebooks from over 250 publishers . It was launched in 2011 and spawned out of digital strategy and technology partner Realm Digital . Having launched in 2011 , the company expanded to Kenya , Nigeria , Zimbabwe , the US , and the UK . In 2013 , Snapplify announced a partnership with global digital and epublishing service provider SPi Global . In June of 2014 , the startup announced its plans for an ebook distribution platform for SA schools , with further expansion into rural areas with SnappBox in October . In 2014 , Snapplify won the Tech Innovation prize at the FutureBook Awards , having also received an undisclosed investment from Angelhub Ventures in 2015 . While these are n't startups per se , at Ventureburn we still think they are doing interesting things in the edtech sector . This Digital All Stars article has been put together with the help of Graham van der Made ( editor , Ventureburn ) , Matthew Alexander ( junior writer , Ventureburn ) , Hadlee Simons ( editor , Memeburn ) , Sarah Rice , Guillaume De Smedt ( global community director , Startup Grind ) , Camilla Swart ( ecosystem manager , Rise Africa ) , Alexandra Fraser ( co - vice chairperson , Silicon Cape ) , Marcello Schermer ( managing director , Seedstars World ) , Lianne du Toit ( management consultant ) , Bertil van Vugt ( business development lead , VC4Africa ) , and public submissions . If you feel there is a startup we missed then please email editor@memeburn.com . All entries will be taken into consideration by our panel of judges . Also check out TEACHA ! - an online marketplace for South African teachers . - http://www.teachingresources.co.za
In the digital world , standards and practices are always on the move . Whether it 's marketing tactics , means of funding , or hiring solutions , the only constant in business is change . With these kind of perpetually shifting trends , it can be hard to nail down a strategy for your business . Fortunately , when it comes to design , someone has done the legwork for you to keep you in the loop . That 's right , according to CoastCreative , there are eight key design trends that can make or break your website , your app , your social media reputation , or your entire startup . While there are a number of important changing trends to keep in mind , the list specifies that there are some tried and true standards and practices that should pass the test of time . " Although there are principles of design that are universal and timeless , inevitably there are also trends that change yearly as the practice evolves , " reads the study . " Some of these trends may take hold and become part of the timeless principles , while others will fade away . " Whether it 's font , color , shapes , or overall creativity , these trends will keep you abreast of the design world around you . You 'll know how bold your header needs to appear , what color your logo should be , and even whether or not pastel colors work outside of the Easter holiday . With new and improved design tech being released on what seems like a daily basis , staying on top of the shifting trends is vital to the survival of a startup . This proves even more important when you realize that the marketing world is transitioning to an almost entirely visual experience , putting even more pressure on the design profession as a whole . So if you want to stay competitive , these trends are going to be your first step towards success . If you 're interested in learning more about these shifting design trends , take a look at the infographic below to get a better idea of what you 're working with : SP Read more about changing trends in 2017 here at Tech . Co
While being the senior writer at Tech . Co is a dream come true , my passion for stand up comedy has been years in the making . In 2009 , I stepped in front of a crowd of approximately 250 people and fumbled through a set that I had been repeating in my head for no less than two weeks . I paused at all the wrong times , I mumbled through punchlines , and I made fun of the people hosting the event . And by the end of my seven minutes on stage , I knew I would be doing this for the rest of my life . SP Now , eight years later , I run a showcase in Chicago , I ' ve performed in notable comedy clubs around the country , and I no longer get noticeable pit stains before going on stage . But this process took a lot of practice , too many late nights , and an absurd amount of failure . Sound like anything you might be familiar with ? That 's right , entrepreneurship . While they live in incredibly different worlds , entrepreneurs and stand up comedians have a lot more in common than they 're likely willing to admit . Between the sweatshirt and flip - flops fashion sense and the beer and Doritos diets , these two groups of people shoot for the top , fail often , and compete with the best of the best . Practice makes perfect . It 's the adage of nearly every performer , founder , and competitive eater in the entire world . And while everyone understands that success comes from actually engaging in your desired field , comedians and entrepreneurs are forced to learn by doing , rather than practicing . And tragically , " doing " comes with an unpopular by - product when you 're just starting out : failure . You ca n't get feedback about new jokes by doing them in front of a mirror . Likewise , running a pretend startup to " see how things turn out " yields little to no knowledge about how the business world actually functions . In both cases , you need to get your feet wet with real life experience to have any chance of succeeding in the future . Not only are entrepreneurs and comedians forced to endure failure on a regular basis , but they actually benefit more than any other profession from doing so . The more you fail , the more you learn , and in entrepreneurship and comedy , there is more than enough failure to go around . " Go down with the ship , do whatever you can , and learn with it . Just make your sets not as long and boring and un - watchable as Titanic , " said Tommy McNamara , sports headline contributor for The Onion . Every field has varying levels of competition . Whether you 're a salesperson or a data scientist , there 's always going to be that one person that wants to make you look bad to make it to the top . However , when it comes to comedians and entrepreneurs , your competition is n't some schmuck with a customized bobblehead and a three - shirt rotation that says stuff like " I got a bad case of the Tuesdays ! " You 're competing with some of the most prolific people in the world . Whether it 's Elon Musk or Hannibal Buress , comedy and entrepreneurship are both defined by an unprecedentedly skilled talent pool that is more than intimidating ; it 's down right terrifying . To make matters worse , there is a notable lack of viable metrics for measuring early - stage success in these fields . This can lead to a bevy of awkward encounters with comedians and entrepreneurs that are far above , or far below , your experience level at pitch competitions , local showcases , and any other event that pits these two innovators against their respective peers . While comedy and entrepreneurship are rife with sensational failure and ample competition , the saving grace of these strenuous professions is quite simple : when you succeed , you succeed spectacularly . Whether it 's becoming the next Uber or landing a special on Comedy Central , the top of the mountain in these fields can only be described as awesome ; the kind of awesome that comes with global adoration , universal recognition , and more free stuff than you could ever know what to do with . While this level of success makes a fall from grace that much more painful , it does n't matter . Even a brief stint in the spotlight is enough to validate a lifetime of botched elevator pitches , unbearable open mics , and people laughing at you , rather than with you . Plus , you finally get to tell your family and friends to shut up when they ask , " So when are you going to be on Saturday Night Live / Shark Tank ? " There is no middle ground with comedy or entrepreneurship . These fields are defined by the extreme , and they are not for the faint of heart . To be a comedian or an entrepreneur , you have to be stupid . Stupid enough to want to fail . Stupid enough to compete with some of the most impressive people in the world . And stupid enough to think you can succeed in the face of insurmountable odds . So be stupid . If only because the journey is a lot of fun . Photo : Sarah Elizabeth Larson Photography
A privacy scandal shook the tech industry last week : Unroll Me - a popular free service to quickly unsubscribe from newsletters - was allegedly selling data to third parties . The free service was exploiting user - granted email access to scrape inboxes for the sole purpose of data mining and reselling value . For example , the service would check for Lyft receipts to sell targeted data to Uber . The ordeal created a massive backlash towards Unroll Me but also raised an obvious question : Is this common practice ? Perri Chase , a cofounder of Unroll Me who is no longer affiliated with the service , wrote a lengthy blogpost on Tuesday defending the current CEO . She claims that because the service is free , it HAD to sell data to make money . She insists it 's common practice for providers of free services like Gmail and Facebook . The analogy between Unroll Me and Google or Facebook is audacious . Not to say haughty . Facebook and Google are making billions selling ads to targeted audiences . But they do n't sell user data . Yes , they collect information about users gathered through emails , social networking habits , and location , and use that to attract advertisers , but the data stays in - house . Unroll Me and its mother company , Slice , on the other hand , were selling raw data to third parties . Large , seemingly data - hungry corporations have been scrutinized for years on the use of collected data . They disclose terms of services several times during the onboarding process , offer privacy settings , and ultimately as you are using the service you receive periodic updates on their policy . Their business model is selling ads , not selling data . Users gave Unroll Me their email credentials to perform a specific task -- remove unwanted email subscriptions . Instead these credentials were exploited to mine and sell users ' private data . One user posted on an image on Twitter of disclosures made by Unroll Me during the onboarding process . SP It clearly says " We will never touch your personal stuff " , a claim which seems to be an outright lie . Unroll Me bills itself as a cool , helpful service but functions as invasive spyware . That is neither an industry standard , nor flagrantly misleading users about the privacy of their personal information . Storing data , exploiting data , selling raw data to third parties is the last thing you expect given the statement provided in Unroll Me 's onboarding . Jojo Hedaya , current CEO of Unroll Me , says he needs to do a better job on their privacy policy . He should n't wait too long to do it . A class action lawsuit against Slice was filed on Wednesday in the Northern California District Court for failing to adequately disclose how the service allegedly harvests valuable data from its users ' accounts . The lawsuit accuses Unroll Me and Slice of violating the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and the Stored Communications Act due to a lack of disclosure during the signup process . As we all know in this industry , it 's very hard , if not impossible , to recover from such a fiasco . Regardless of the legal verdict , the company has already been found guilty in the eyes of the public . I ca n't see any good coming from this lawsuit . Perri alleges that Unroll Me is n't doing worse than other providers of free services . I personally refute that line of defense . " Others " wo n't make your problem go away . " Others " did n't get caught cheating , and those who did are no longer operating . Simple fact of life . Trust is earned in drops and lost in buckets . Although I admire Perri 's courage to stand by the company she founded , I ca n't accept the explanation that users are fools for not reading the fine print . We do n't read fine print . We read the large print . " We will never touch your personal stuff " is the one sentence we all read , and it was placed in front of our eyes right above the larger button [ ACCEPT ] for a reason . Can one bad apple spoil the whole bunch ? No . Unroll Me 's privacy faux pas does not represent an industry standard . Consumers are n't likely to analyze a company 's potential pricing models when signing up for a free service , nor would we want them to . It 's a sad day when users have to assume that if a service is free , they can expect their personal information is being mined , stored , and auctioned off the the highest bidder . Perri makes a case that the companies who purchase personal data without regard to its source are at fault . She expressly names Uber for its willingness to pay for any information relating to its competition . Unroll Me and its parent company 's blatant blame shifting makes the ordeal doubly distasteful . As service providers , it 's increasingly important to align our actions with strong ethics . And as a user , I ' m going to be more choosy about what services I allow to access my personal information . Florian Seroussi is cofounder and CEO of email intelligence software startup OMC . Prior to OMC , he cofounded Labotec and Global Roaming .
The global payments landscape has significantly evolved over the past decade . The rapid rise and equally rapid evolution of online and mobile commerce has given rise to a wave of new payment methods . E - wallets , in - app purchasing , and peer - to - peer payments are all products of consumers ' increasing comfort with digital commerce . In many developed markets , older payment methods , such as checks and payment on delivery , are being replaced by alternatives that make online and mobile transactions frictionless , thus further feeding consumer appetites for online shopping . By 2020 , the digital portion of global retail sales is on pace to double from $ 1.9 trillion to $ 4 trillion , according to eMarketer . That 's not counting online sales of travel and tickets ! With the growth of international ecommerce platforms like Shopify and Magento and payment platforms like PayPal and Stripe , the barriers to ecommerce are crumbling , giving life to new businesses , opening up new revenue streams for established players , facilitating economic trade , and driving technology advancements worldwide . As ecommerce continues to become increasingly global , fueled by growth of internet coverage around the world and higher levels of smartphone penetration , the forms consumers use to pay for their digital and physical goods will continue to evolve as well . Major technology companies , such as Facebook , Google , Apple and Microsoft , which are engaging in cross - border business and providing global services , are tasked with deploying their services on top of old and fragmented payment infrastructures . This is particularly challenging in emerging markets , because each country has its own legal framework , issuers , acquirers , processors , and gateways , resulting in payment methods that may appear to be very similar on the surface but are very different under the hood . In addition , consumers in emerging markets are still relying on alternative payment methods like bank transfers , installments , and voucher - based methods involving cash . Their payment preferences vary from country to country . Companies that wish to expand into fast growing markets such as Latin America , for example , are faced with the dilemma of how to add hundreds of different payment methods in a manner that works with their technology systems and operations , or be satisfied with reaching only about 20 percent of consumers who have access to international credit cards . This challenge has given rise to a number of increasingly important technologies and companies influencing the payment arena in markets across the world . I ' m not talking about Apple Pay , Android Pay and PayPal ; their worthy contributions have already been chronicled on hundreds of occasions . Stripe , however , deserves plenty of praise , as well as companies like BlueSnap and Payoneer . They are the ones powering a new breed of business such as marketplaces , content companies and ad networks , as well as some traditional online retailers and merchants , with API - based payment solutions that are global - ready and mobile - first . Because emerging markets are so complex and so different from each other , ecommerce and digital goods companies are also starting to partner with payments technology companies with deep roots in these markets and coverage of the full locally relevant payment mix . When selecting a payments technology partner for emerging markets , merchants need to ensure that their future partner has : While digital banking and technology evolves to encompass payments , the needs and wants of consumers are also evolving ( though at different pace and with different preferences , depending on the country or region ) . Merchants and payment providers will rise to the occasion to meet these challenges and gain a stronger global foothold . Country - governments will also play their role in welcoming cross - border ecommerce and encouraging digital payment innovation . We 'll see further growth in mobile checkouts , increased availability of branded payment apps that marry transactions with loyalty programs , like the one by Starbucks , as well as broader availability of multi - currency cards . As the world 's biggest tech companies work to secure customer loyalty in the payment arena , they will begin by integrating features into the desktop and mobile interfaces . Google , Apple and Microsoft will begin deploying in - browser payments , while Facebook , along with other social media and social messaging entities , will likely introduce commerce platforms and cross - border money transfers in - app . The next few years will certainly be exciting for those of us in the fintech , mobile and e - commerce arenas , as we work together to deliver a truly borderless commerce experience regardless of where the consumer may be . Sebastian Kanovich is the CEO and Co - Founder of dLocal , which provides a cross - border payments platform that focuses on enabling e - commerce businesses in the U.S. and Europe expand into emerging markets .
London - based " social impact " accelerator Bethnal Green Ventures , which backs pre - seed startups with ideas for using tech to tackle social and/or environmental problems , has taken PS1.3 million in funding from three social tech and innovation funders : Big Society Capital , Nominet Trust and Nesta . BVG says its intention with the new raise , its third , is to support social impact startups through more of their first steps -- ideally up to seed stage in the future , not just helping teams accelerate early - stage " tech for good " ideas . At this point , BVG has invested a total of PS1.4 million in 86 startups since first opening for applications back in March 2012 . Of those , it says 56 companies are still active , with its portfolio having collectively raised more than PS23 million in further funding , and the businesses having an estimated 6.5 million people using their products and services . The fund 's current model combines a twice - yearly , 12-week accelerator program in which chosen startups receive a PS20,000 investment ( in exchange for 6 percent equity ) , along with mentoring and access to co - working space in London . Last year it also expanded to be able to offer a further PS50,000 to startups in the cohort . But it 's evidently hoping to go a stage further still -- aiming to create a seed fund to support more companies to the next stage . It says the funding it 's taking now will be used to develop the planned " later stage impact investment products , " as well as for expanding its operations and building further partnerships -- presumably to help it raise the capital for the hoped - for seed fund . A BVG spokeswoman confirmed it will also have " more capacity " to do investments up to PS50,000 in its cohort startups , " usually in the form of a convertible note . " She said the plan is to do 20 accelerator - stage investments this year , plus 10 to 12 follow - on investments . Commenting on the raise in a statement , BGV CEO Paul Miller , added : " We ' ve proved our accelerator model works , but it 's not enough on its own . Startups require ongoing support and funding to scale up their operations , this is especially true for startups focused on social impact . Last year we expanded our offer by being able to invest up to PS50,000 in great teams after the accelerator stage . This year we 're planning a fund to be able to back alumni and other tech for good ventures with next stage capital . This will help to plug a notable hole in seed - stage impact investment available to startups in the tech for good space . " BVG 's spokeswoman said that when it comes to the social impact funding space , it 's " often " the lead investor role that 's missing . " Angels are great and really plugging a gap but someone needs to set the terms , and we feel we can do that , especially in our role as an impact investor , " she told us . In terms of which " tech for good " early - stage startups face the biggest funding gap challenge , she said it 's a problem across the board , but also noted it can be more of an issue for those with " large slow moving customers " -- such as local authorities or the U.K. 's National health Service -- or else those with " vulnerable users requiring a responsible approach to growth . " The fund 's broad themes within its " social impact " mission remain health , education , sustainability and democracy . But the spokeswoman said it 's also working with a few partners to target some specific areas . " For example we 're looking at startups targeting the gig economy and ways to improve prospects for low paid workers . We 're also interested in solutions for young people facing multiple disadvantages , " she added . One BVG portfolio company we covered recently is Fairphone : a European smartphone startup that 's created a modular phone design aimed at encouraging users to hold onto the same device for longer -- thereby reducing the environmental impact associated with owning a smartphone . Another , DrDoctor , is a hospital booking system which BVG says is used by more than 4 million NHS patients in the U.K. U.S. startup factory Y Combinator has also , in recent years , placed more of an emphasis on supporting startups aiming to have a wide social and economic impact .
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Ten years ago , the late Steve Jobs -- bespectacled and black - turtlenecked , as per usual -- took to the stage at the 2007 Macworld convention in San Francisco . He began his presentation with the amount of modesty you would expect , which is to say , not much . " Every once in awhile , a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything , " he said . Jobs couched the imminent announcement as one years in the making , the latest in a long line of industry game changers from Apple -- putting it in a family tree with 1984 's Macintosh and 2001 's iPod . Playing up the drama , he said that the company had made three new products : a widescreen iPod with touch controls , " a revolutionary mobile phone " and " a breakthrough internet communications device . SP He repeated himself a few more times as the audience started to get it , finally ramping up to the big finish . " These are not three separate devices . This is one device , " he said as the cheers started reaching rock concert decibel levels . " And we are calling it ... iPhone . Today , Apple is going to reinvent the phone . " In 2006 , the cool kids had phones such as the Motorola RAZR or LG Chocolate . The mobile device of choice for tabloid page regulars such as Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton ( were we ever so young ? ) was a Blackberry . Nokia , Sony , Samsung and the Palm Treo ( remember the stylus ? ) got some play too . But in 2007 , nothing on the market looked quite like the sleek new iPhone . And customers would have to wait from the beginning of January until the end of June , and only if they had AT&T , to get their hands on it . SP Apple being Apple , the launch was not without controversy . Shortly after the announcement , Cisco sued the company for trademark infringement over the use of the iPhone name . And while the 8 GB model initially retailed for $ 599 , the price dropped to $ 399 a few months later , which irritated many early adopters , so much so that Jobs personally wrote a letter of acknowledgment and apology . But as that first year drew to a close , the company had sold more than 1.4 million phones . This year saw the release of the iPhone 7 -- though one of the more memorable things to come out of that announcement might have been the company 's " courageous " removal of the device 's headphone jack . Probably the biggest smartphone news this year other than Samsung 's Note 7 debacle was the launch of Google 's first smartphone , the Pixel . But even if some of the iPhone 's more recent changes have been on the small side , there is no denying that you know an Apple product when you see one . I spent an afternoon this holiday weekend in an Apple store surrounded by friendly salespeople in red shirts -- for Christmas instead of the customary blue -- with white Apple logos . I found myself waiting for the better part of an hour and a half for my 16 GB iPhone 5 , with its rapidly depleting battery , to be backed up to the iCloud so I could load all my information onto my shiny iPhone 7 , with its Apple Pay , water resistance and biometric log - in . SP Now , what I learned from this experience is that I need to regularly backup my devices . But for entrepreneurs who are inspired by Apple 's decade of smartphone dominance , the lessons here are to build consistently evolving products which can act as a showcase for your company 's entire array of work , and to develop a design aesthetic that is uniquely your own . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
London - based startup Juro , which is applying machine learning to help businesses speed up authoring and management of their sales contracts , has closed a $ 750,000 ( PS615k ) seed round , with investors including Point Nine Capital and Seedcamp . Also joining the round : angel investors Paul Forster ( co - founder of Indeed.com ) and Michael Pennington ( co - founder of Gumtree ) . Juro 's SaaS product is an integrated contracts workflow which it touts as a big time - saver , offering contract creation and e - signing capabilities while also enabling a newer set of features powered by machine learning tech -- such as negotiation heatmaps and contract analytics -- to help its b2b users identify recurring sticking points in contract negotiations , for example , and keep on top of renewals . The core idea is to optimize and enhance a process that can still be pretty manual , with contracts being drawn up in Word and even printed and hand - signed , or turned into a PDF . " Juro covers the entire end - to - end process around contracts , " says CEO and co - founder , Richard Mabey . " Our features help businesses author contracts , gain internal approvals , negotiate , sign , archive , track and manage contracts ... And because we have all the contract data we are able to tell you how to make better decisions around contracts by showing actionable analytics . " As part of this , our first application of machine learning helps to show patterns in negotiations . How do you know what to agree to ? Which of your terms is most hotly negotiated ? When do your contracts expire ? We have the data to tell you . " The team is also intending their machine learning tech to get smarter about being able to understand contract terms over time -- to support more powerful features down the line . " One application we are looking towards in the next version of Juro is a feature where you can throw in an NDA and the system will tell you ( 1 ) that the indemnity provision has not been agreed to in any other NDA , ( 2 ) that it merits further review and ( 3 ) that an indemnity would be off market in a case like that , " says Mabey . " This will clearly take time , but it is exciting because it starts to automate the work traditionally done by in - house lawyers at very considerable cost , " he adds . Juro 's main competition at this point are " large e - signing providers " , according to Mabey , which he argues only solve a minority of the " pain points " around contracts . " We are looking at the way in which the contracts are agreed in the first place , dealing with sales and internal legal teams . " On the startup front , Mabey names the likes of Kira Systems , Luminance and Ravn as also applying machine learning to document review for use - cases like due diligence and selling to law firms . " We are targeting marketplaces with a B2B element , mostly looking at sales contracts . That is , businesses with high volumes of contracts who spend a huge amount of time processing often thousands of sales contracts per year , " he adds , noting that Juro 's smallest customer processes 25 contracts per month and its largest in the region of 1,800 . The platform also integrates with existing business systems , such as CRM for contract generation and Slack for comment notifications . The team launched the product in June , after gaining Seedcamp backing last February and running a private beta for several months . They now have around 1,000 businesses on their waiting list , with Mabey saying they are concentrating on a small number of " high volume players " while continuing to build out the product . Deliveroo is one of the customers he says he can publicly disclose at this point , with the food delivery startup using Juro to power the " thousands " of contracts they have with restaurants . What will Juro be using the new funding for ? " We will use the capital ( 1 ) to grow our sales and customer success teams ( 2 ) to build out the data infrastructure necessary to capture the insights we want to show through analytics and ( 3 ) build a world class team of legal designers to deliver radically better UX than traditionally seen in legal services , " Mabey tells TechCrunch . Point Nine Capital 's Christoph Janz , who has long been interested in e - signing 's business potential , adds : " One of the things that I love about Juro is that they are building an end - to - end solution that digitizes the entire process : from drafting a contract to negotiating and revising it , to signing it and to keeping track of the contract . " " I do think that there 's a lot of demand for the ' tracking ' part , " he adds , discussing one of Juro 's add - ons . " Without tracking key data such as notice periods and deadlines , for example , it can easily happen that you miss an important date e.g. for the termination of an agreement . "
Food and beverage startups are transforming our lifestyles , from ingredients being delivered to our doorsteps , to three - step juice cleanses . Each startup has a unique brand - a distinctive product , ingredient , or business model - which preserves the company 's competitive edge and customer expectations . But what if the startup juice company 's Flavor Developer wants to leave for a job with Tropicana(r ) ? Or what if the juice company partners with an energy drink company to create a healthy buzz , only for their relationship to sour after disclosing key operational details ? With the help of " restrictive covenants , " your company can restrict its employee 's post - employment competitive activities and protect its sensitive information . Restrictive covenants are contracts that allow employers to shield their protectable interests , so employers commonly rely on restrictive covenants like non - compete or non - solicitation agreements to stay competitive amidst transitory employees and a globalized economy . A non - compete agreement stops a former employee from competing with his prior employer within a proscribed location and period of time , while a non - solicitation agreement prevents a departing employee from soliciting customers or other employees to move to a competing entity . Restrictive covenants also protect startup companies or companies entering into collaborative relationships from losing customers or sensitive information . SP Not all employees need to sign restrictive covenants . Lower - level employees do not typically have access to marketable relationships or confidential information , so they probably do not need to sign a restrictive covenant . As an example , Jimmy John 's made news for requiring their low - wage employees to sign 2-year non - competes . Last year , the sandwich chain announced it would no longer include these provisions in their employment contracts after an investigation by the New York attorney general 's office . The following are the types of employees a company may want to sign a restrictive covenant : corporate management employees who direct the business and know high - level information , employees with access to confidential information regarding business operations , product development or engineering employees and employees who develop key customer relationships - particularly with large organizations or buyers . If you 're planning to draft restrictive covenants for your food and beverage business , here are three special ingredients to consider that can help protect your company . To implement a restrictive covenant , a company must have a legitimate business interest . A legitimate business interest also guides the specific scope of restricted activity . In the food and beverage industry , these interests are usually tied to confidential information , specific products , the potential for unfair competition , and customer goodwill . When drafting a restrictive covenant , a company must consider its most valuable assets - such as a particular product or ingredient , the customer - base , or a unique business structure - and determine the extent to which those assets need to be protected . When drafting a restrictive covenant 's geographic restriction , employers should consider the company 's geographic reach and the employee 's specific role and location . Typically , an employee responsible for a specific geographic region should not be restricted from competing in other regions . For nationwide companies in the food and beverage industry , it 's common to find restrictive covenants without geographic limitations , particularly if both the employer and the employee operate throughout or beyond the United States . Courts may uphold restrictive covenants without a geographic scope , but companies should purposely omit any mention of a geographic limitation or explicitly write that there is no geographic limitation as opposed to leaving the term blank . To set a restrictive covenant 's duration , companies should consider the legitimate interests they want to protect and determine how long those interests hold value . Courts have upheld restrictive covenant time limitations of one to three years for companies in the food and beverage industry , a trend consistent with other industries . A restrictive covenant involving the sale of a business may involve a longer restriction . The sale of a food or beverage business will often require the sellers to agree to longer non - competes , potentially up to five years . While these three ingredients just skim the surface about what to consider when drafting restrictive covenant agreements , you still need to seek the assistance of legal counsel to ensure the specific needs of your company are addresses and your assets protected . Read more about how to protect your company here at Tech . Co . This article is not intended as legal advice . Please consult legal counsel to discuss your company 's needs and what type of restrictive covenant may work best for your company . The author wishes to thank and attribute Alexandra Buckingham , a summer associate and law student from Drexel University School of Law for assistance in drafting this article . This article was brought to you by Saul Ewing LLP , a full service law firm serving clients throughout the United States and internationally .
Following years of stubbornly high unemployment in France , the country 's entrepreneurs believe they have a solution : reinvent the way people are hired . While it seems like there are a million ways to find a job or recruit employees online these days , investors appear surprisingly bullish about these newbies . So much so that three different French human resource - related startups announced new rounds of venture capital this week . Mostly likely , it 's a coincidence . Still , it 's a sign that entrepreneurs believe technology can help bring down the country 's 9.3 percent unemployment rate . That 's down from 10.1 percent a couple of years ago , but high enough that many French still remain anxious about their future , and a growing number are deciding to look for economic opportunities abroad . In trying to address the employment problem in France , however , these companies believe they can build businesses that cross borders to become international successes . On Monday , EasyRECrue announced it had raised $ 8.9 million . Launched in 2013 , the company is building a video interviewing platform aimed at helping recruiters weed through large pools of prospective candidates . Investors include Elaia Partners and BPIFrance . On Tuesday , JobTeaser , a job site for university students and young adults , landed $ 16.7 million from Alven Capital , Idinvest Partners , and Korelya Capital . This is a particularly attractive market in France because the official Youth Unemployment Rate ( for people 25 years old and younger ) is 23.70 percent , down from its recent peak of 25.6 percent in November 2012 but above its historic average of 20.15 percent . Finally , on Wednesday Talent.io said it had raised $ 8.9 million from Ventech and Alven Capital . The company had raised $ 2.5 million in 2015 from those same two firms , with the addition of Elaia Partners and a syndicate of angels . We 'll see how far these startups can travel beyond France . But no doubt new French president Emmanuel Macron , a big startup booster , will welcome any help in getting the country 's economy moving again .
Every year , Tech . Co holds the Startup of the Year competition , a pitch contest that pits a huge number of startups against each other in pursuit of capital , business resources , and bragging rights in the startup community . The competition takes place at our annual conference , Innovate ! and Celebrate , in San Francisco in October . And to say that startups leave happy would be more than an understatement . We reached out to a number of former Startup of the Year contestants in hopes of spurring a discussion about the value of the competition . We were so overwhelmed by the support and praise from these startup founders and entrepreneurs that we felt it necessary to share their insights with our readers . If you 're thinking about applying , now is the time to do it ! The Startup of the Year competition is n't about rewarding the companies you ' ve seen a thousand times in pitch competitions . Tech . Co is committed to inclusivity across all facets of startup life , and our contestants feel that commitment at our events . " The organizing team and staff were accommodating for Grok and the other companies , making sure everyone had their needs met during the event , " said Tarun Gangwani , Head of Product at Grok . " Our team was given many chances to network with experienced entrepreneurs and executives across multiple industries . Tech . Co ensured the event would be worth while , even if we did n't end up going on to win the competition itself . " This competition is n't meant to be an intimidating experience . The Startup of the Year competition is designed to make entrepreneurs , founders , and innovators feel welcomed by a community of peers that are all trying to do the same thing : make the world a better place . " The Tech . Co staff made us feel extremely welcomed , " said Courtney Caldwell , cofounder of ShearShare . They cared less about a team 's technical expertise or background and were much more focused on whether or not a company 's mission and model introduces new and innovative ideas that are outside of the standard prescription and ShearShare certainly fit that bill . " The goal of any startup competition should be to inspire the attendees , support the startups , and facilitate networking in as many ways as possible . Fortunately , given the size of our event , we think we accomplish that in spades . " There is a ton of work that goes into putting these events on and the team at Tech . Co always makes it seem like its easy going for all involved , " said James Ross , Cofounder of Hedgechatter . " They keep the group size to a manageable level , which is important because it only takes attending one of those super massive 1000 + exhibitor events to feel like your startup is just another speck of sand on the beach . The Startup of the Year competition on the other hand was sized right which allowed startups , entrepreneurs , investors , and attendees to really learn about products / services and have quality meetings with potential investors and customers . " Of course , the goal of a competition is to win . However , winning is n't the only thing , as Tech . Co provides a wide range of benefits for contestants , from networking opportunities and business resources to exposure and media attention . " The opportunity to network with founders from Silicon Valley is really unparalleled , " said Garrett Moon , CEO and cofounder of CoSchedule . " There was tons of energy and excitement during the entire event and working with other founders spurred a wealth of ideation and momentum beyond . " In addition to all the benefits of the event , taking part in the Startup of the Year competition provides unique opportunities outside of Tech . Co , which can lead to success in a number of different ways . " The accolades and recognition were wonderful and very uplifting to the team , but the very best thing was the booth we received at CES in January , " said Paul Droege , founder and CEO of SunPort . " The fact it was free was nice but it had an amazing , high - traffic location which was awesome . We leveraged the location into great visibility , made some great connections and learned a great deal by interacting with people during CES , all of which came from our Tech . Co win . " Winning any startup competition is going to do wonders for your progress . Just ask Stephanie Lampkin , the founder and CEO of Blendoor , whose company won the competition in 2015 . " Winning startup of the year provided a lot of validation that what we 're building is valuable which helped us get into a top 5 accelerator , " said Stephanie Lampkin , founder and CEO of Blendoor . " It also connected us with big tech companies who are now on our beta . " On the other hand , winning the Startup of the Year competition is not the only way to enjoy success . For example , 2015 finalist TurboAppeal was just acquired by Paradigm Tax Group in a move that can only be deemed successful . " It helped give us confidence in the validation behind our product as well as understand the reaction from the VC community as well as potential customers , " said Badal Shah , CEO of TurboAppeal . " We are grateful for the opportunity with Tech . Co . " If you think you have what it takes to be the Startup of the Year , you need to apply today . Remember , the 100 startups that are chosen will be invited to join us in San Francisco , CA for Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 , and will be on their way to startup success in no time ! Read more about the Startup of the Year Competition here on Tech . Co
There are only so many hours in the day . Between work , school , hobbies , and Netflix , it can be hard to find to time to read your favorite publication . Fortunately , Tech . Co knows your short on time , which is why we ' ve put together a list of this week 's top stories ! In the last seven days , we ' ve covered everything from innovative entrepreneurs changing the way we think about space travel to design trends that will alter how we see the world around us . If you want to catch up on the top stories from the last week , check them out below ! Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here . Photo : Flickr / Andy
relayr , the global enterprise Internet - of - Things ( IoT ) platform provider , today announced its second strategic acquisition within two months . On the heels of its recent acquisition of device management company Proximetry , relayr has now completed the acquisition of artificial intelligence data security company Neokami . With the Neokami acquisition , relayr aims to add robust security to the relayr stack through machine learning and artificial intelligence . Neokami was founded in 2014 and is based in Munich ( Germany ) and in the US . Through Neokami , relayr is committed to addressing one of their customers ' top concerns , security for IoT implementations , by ensuring that security features are built into their product stack from the ground up . Not only does the Neokami acquisition integrate security , machine learning , and artificial intelligence capabilities to relayr 's products , but also brings the great talents of Neokami 's team members to work with existing relayr partners . relayr CEO Josef Brunner stated : " We can only be successful by keeping the success of our customers at the center of our strategy . The acquisition of Neokami , just as with Proximetry , is the result of relayr 's deeply held commitment to listening to our customers and partners feedback and delivering the IoT solutions that they need most . " relayr , which is headquartered in Berlin , will continue to invest in organic growth of Neokami 's Munich operations , and plans to grow that location to 30 team members by the end of the year . Neokami 's US presence will be merged with relayr 's headquarters in Boston . relayr was founded in 2013 and is a rapidly growing Enterprise IoT company , providing the enterprise middleware for the digital transformation of industries . relayr develops sustainable IoT solutions , based on the OpenFog IoT reference architecture and it 's own stack . The young company addresses the central challenge of the Internet of Things , digitizing physical objects , with an end - to - end development solution consisting of an IoT cloud platform that communicates from Any - to - Any ( any service , any software , any platform , any sensor ) ; open source software development kits ; and a team of IoT experts to support rapid prototyping and implementation . SP
( Kurt Schlosser / GeekWire ) SP " It 's not a real sexy story right now . " That 's how GeekWire co - founder John Cook described the Seattle startup scene during our recent podcast about the past year in technology . There were a number of new Seattle - based startups that sprouted up in 2016 , along with several lucrative financing deals like OfferUp 's $ 119 million round and Accolade 's $ 70 million cash infusion . But while Seattle 's startup activity still ranks among the world 's best and is a key component of the city 's broader technology ecosystem , there are a few inhibitors that may be stunting its full potential . Listen to the podcast below , download the MP3 here , and continue reading for more analysis . SP While having so many Silicon Valley tech giants open up engineering centers in the Seattle region -- Google , Apple , Facebook , Uber , Salesforce , Oculus , Twitter , Palantir , and many others have large offices here -- is beneficial for the overall tech ecosystem , it also could be keeping would - be entrepreneurs from starting their own ventures . Cook noted that if an engineer is deciding between a $ 100,000 salary at a new startup , or a $ 200,000 salary at a company like Facebook , a lot of folks may take the beefier paycheck rather than risk their careers at a startup . " It 's taken a lot of the oxygen out of the room as it relates to the startup community , " Cook said of the out - of - town companies establishing their offices in Seattle . That 's in addition to Microsoft and Amazon , the two tech giants based in the area that remain bedrocks of the tech community . Amazon , which launched two decades after Microsoft and continues to buy more real estate in downtown Seattle , is particularly notable as it relates to employees who have an opportunity to leave and launch their own startup , much like we ' ve seen with former Microsofties . " I ' ve been amazed that , even as Amazon has grown , it 's been able to retain this entrepreneurial culture and energy , " Cook said . " If you 're at a big company that allows you to do that ... that 's hard to compete with . I think a lot of those people are still locked up at Amazon and haven't left . " I remain bullish about the long - term future of the Seattle startup ecosystem . I believe some folks taking jobs in the Seattle area at companies like Google , Facebook , and others will save enough cash and get the startup itch , either by way of investing in local startups or creating their own companies here . The money will flow back into the ecosystem , ultimately bolstering Seattle startup activity . Cook agreed , but said it will take a " change of culture and style " in Seattle , a city where people tend to prefer working for many years at big companies rather than launching a startup . He added that there still does n't seem to be enough capital in the region available for startups ; Seattle has long been critiqued for its general lack of investors , both from the angel side and VC . Numbers from PwC 's recent MoneyTree Report show $ 617 million invested in Washington state companies through the third quarter , which is more than the total invested in 2011 . Even so , investment totals are down 42 percent this year compared to last year . The number of venture deals also has fallen , from 65 deals through the end of the third quarter of 2016 , compared to 104 deals for the same period last year , according to MoneyTree . Here 's a look at the list of the biggest VC deals in the Northwest , according to PitchBook . On the IPO front , there were three Seattle - based companies that went public in 2016 : PhaseRx , Impinj , and Apptio . That 's up from 2015 , when no companies from the Seattle region completed IPOs , but it 's still down from prior years . According to CB Insights ' fifth annual Tech IPO Pipeline Report , there were only 14 U.S .- based tech companies that went public in 2016 , which is down from 28 in 2015 and 62 in 2014 . The report also pointed to seven Seattle - area companies that are poised for an IPO next year : Avalara , Rover , PayScale , Redfin , OfferUp , Avvo , and Inrix .
The Innovate For Life campaign held by AMREF Health Africa in partnership with Takeda Pharmaceuticals and Nailab has found three winning SMEs . The programme called for SMEs offering unique solutions to address the issue of maternal mortality and infant loss ( in Africa and also across the globe ) . It received 117 applications which were narrowed down to just 15 -- these company founders then attended a two - day hackathon . It 's from this hackathon these winners emerged : These SMEs and their founders presented their solutions at the Africa Health Agenda International Conference ( AHAIC ) and will go on to be a part of an acceleration programme in their countries of operation . The winners participating in the accelerator through the guidance of Nialab will be paired with mentors and receive training and coaching on business support services . Consequently , the winners have the opportunity to roll out their products under AMREF Health Africa 's leadership . The winners will also be granted access to seed capital of KES300 000 ( R36775.78 ) . Due to the quality of innovative ideas developed at the hackathon , two more startups , Pregmum and Afya were selected and will be receiving support from Nailab through acceleration . These additional startups will work alongside Nailab , refining their products and testing so that it 's adequately prepared to go to market .
Ventureburn.com is seeking a talented and driven startup - savvy news writer & editor who lives and breathes startups . We 're looking for someone dynamic and dedicated to become part of our exciting company based in Cape Town , on a full - time basis . Job details Requirements Benefits
On this International Women 's Day , women are striking to make clear their value in the workplace , at home and beyond . That includes the tech world . SP According to the Department of Labor , only 26 percent of people employed in computer and mathematics jobs are women . And a big chunk of that 26 percent comes from outside Silicon Valley . SP Despite the challenges facing any engineer who does n't fit in with the testosterone - fueled culture of Silicon Valley , many women have made their mark in the field -- and fought to make it better . SP On International Women 's Day , it 's worth celebrating a few of the tech world 's badass women . SP Bumble founder Whitney Wolfe . Image : SP noam galai / Getty Images for TechCrunch Whitney Wolfe left her job as a co - founder at Tinder amid allegations of sexual harassment at the company , but she refused to quit the dating app game . Instead of going quietly , she founded Bumble , the app that gives women control when swiping . SP Not only did Wolfe help create two of the biggest players in online dating , but she did it on her own terms . Bumble has expanded beyond dating to matching friends on Bumble BFF , and raised $ 40,000 for Planned Parenthood in January . Not bad ! SP Laura Weidman Powers at SXSW . Image : SP jealex photo / Getty Images for SXSW Laura Weidman Powers is one of the tech industry 's strongest advocates for diversity . With CODE2040 , she supports young black and Latino engineers , working to ensure they are proportionally represented in the field . SP Weidman Powers also served in the Obama White House as a senior policy advisor to the chief technology officer . SP Ellen Pao . Image : SP maria aufmuth / Getty Images for Massachusetts Conference for Women Ellen Pao ran Reddit , and before that she was a junior partner at the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers . SP Her name might sound familiar because she sued that company for gender discrimination . Pao lost the suit , but she brought sorely needed attention to bias in Silicon Valley tech culture . She is the cofounder of Project Include , a nonprofit that provides recommendations for startup management on how to build more diverse companies . Laura Gomez is an advocate for diversity in tech , and supports that mission in her day job , too . As CEO of the people analytics tool Atipica , the Twitter alumna helps companies use data to strategize in hiring . That includes using data to help companies build more diverse workforces . SP Slack 's Erica Joy Baker . Image : SP noam galai / Getty Images for TechCrunch Erica Joy Baker is one of the women behind Slack , the communication tool that has taken over offices nationwide . A former Googler , she splits her time between her roles as a senior engineer at Slack and as an advocate for diversity and more widely accessible tech education . SP She also helps translate tech -- and the problems within it -- to the outside world by blogging about diversity , racism and life as a black woman in Silicon Valley . SP Reshma Saujani at Advertising Week in New York . Image : SP robin marchant / Getty Images for Advertising Week New York Reshma Saujani founded Girls Who Code , the powerhouse nonprofit that has helped to make coding education -- and its gender gap -- more visible . Saujani has run for office and recruited high - profile ambassadors to Girls Who Code , like supermodel Karlie Kloss . SP Unlike that other ride - hailing company with all the problems with its treatment of women , Lyft has an awesome woman at the helm . Jill Wetzler is the director of engineering at Lyft , which she joined after stops at Salesforce and Twitter . SP Recently , Wetzler told USA Today College that her best career advice was to " know your worth . " SP " If I feel stuck , or underutilized , or if I feel like I ' m not getting to have the type of impact that I think I can have , I remind myself to know what I ' m worth , " she said . " Sometimes , that reminder causes me to do something bold . " SP Black Girls Code founder Kimberly Bryant at Glamour Women Of The Year 2016 . Image : SP mike windle / Getty Images for Glamour Kimberly Bryant founded Black Girls Code to give young women of color the opportunity to learn the skills to succeed in the tech industry . Bryant has a long resume in tech and has prioritized supporting the next generation along with her own work . SP So if I can prioritize diversity + inclusion w/ a TINY budget and as a Black woman CEO . I see no excuses for others . None . # DoBetter -- Kimberly Bryant ( @6Gems ) October 16 , 2015 Arlan Hamilton founded Backstage Capital , a venture capital firm that invests in startups by women , minority and LGBT entrepreneurs . Her portfolio of startups is impressive , and committed to her initial vision . And Hamilton got Backstage Capital off the ground , despite lukewarm responses from mainstream investors , while she was homeless . SP Hamilton has emphasized that her firm is n't a nonprofit -- it 's trying to make money , just like its competitors . But Backstage Capital is able to do that by finding the best ideas from groups who often do n't get the support they need to get started . SP Belinda Johnson has been called " Airbnb 's Sheryl Sandberg . " As chief business affairs and legal officer for the home - rental giant , she helps craft the company 's approach to regulators and woos its hosts to act as Airbnb 's biggest supporters . Johnson has years of experience guiding the legal affairs of internet companies , including in the early days of Yahoo . As Airbnb 's CEO grows his public profile , Johnson is running things behind the scenes . SP Stacy Brown - Philpot is the CEO of TaskRabbit and an alumna of both Google and Goldman Sachs . At Google , she was the senior director of global consumer operations and ran sales operations in India . Along with running one of the major players in the gig economy today , she serves as a board member at Black Girls Code . SP Tracy Chou at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2015 . Image : SP steve jennings / Getty Images for TechCrunch Tracy Chou is an engineer and alumna of Pinterest and Quora . She also helped spur tech companies to disclose diversity statistics through a Github project that collected numbers on women in engineering . Today , most major tech companies publicly share diversity information about their workforces -- and Chou 's repository played a big part in that . SP
The issue of gender is more than prevalent in today 's society . Whether you participated in one of the many Women 's Marches across the world this weekend or snidely commented on Facebook posts behind your computer screen , the reality of the economic gender gap is too obvious to ignore . Particularly when the World Economic Forum 's Gender Gap Report for 2016 comes out with enough data to squash any debate on the matter . According to the report , there are a lot of things to be excited about when it comes to the gender gap . For one , Western Europe is expected to close the gender gap within the next fifty years . Likewise , regions like the Middle East and Latin America are experiencing some of the fastest advancements in years , despite their initial terrible ranking . Similarly , education numbers across the world have improved for women , with the gap in tertiary education being closed completely for 95 countries . However , when it comes to North America , progress is n't on the menu . While this region is considered one of the most impressive when it comes to economic gender equality , the progress for North America has been negative since 2016 , with a steady decline in recent years . The lowered ranking for the US in particular was " due to a revised estimate of the size of the gender gap in estimated earned income ; however , the country 's female labour force participation has also been stagnating for a number of years , including among legislators , senior officials and managers . " SP Perhaps the numbers are down because people have forgotten about the importance of gender equality in the world . While many see it has an attack on men , the report goes on to explain that gender parity is n't just good for women , it 's good for everyone . And , according to the report , there is a clear values - based case for promoting gender parity . " Ensuring the healthy development and appropriate use of half of the world 's total talent pool has a vast bearing on the growth , competitiveness and future readiness of economies and businesses worldwide , " said the authors of the report . Much like the necessity for diversity in tech , the need for gender parity is n't a pet project that might work out . It has been proven time and time again that equality is good for business . So if you really want your startup to succeed , grow , and flourish , it 's time to start closing the gender gap . H / T World Economic Forum
Yi - Jian Ngo , Managing Director of the Alliance of Angels , oversees the Northwest 's largest and most - active Angel network that facilitates $ 10MM+ investment across 20 + companies each year . For early - to - mid stage startups , understanding what investors are thinking and expect from your pitch and what founders should think about going into a meeting is helpful . Yi - Jian 's recently offered his advice to startups at a Galvanize Study Hall , here 's what he said : Depending on the size of the round you 're raising , there are clear pros and cons to raising from individuals or angel groups . Yi - Jian suggested if you are raising a relatively small round such as $ 100k , it could be highly advantageous to pitch to individuals because it could only take one meeting . However , if you are raising $ 500k or more , pitching to individuals becomes more time consuming and far less efficient than pitching to groups and if you are successful , it will lead to multiple investors , which is a good thing , but due diligence often takes longer . There are different level of pitching . Yin - Jian explained that the first level of in - person pitches is the 20 - 120 second elevator pitch . You 'll often hear terms like the Uber for moving or Airbnb for warehouse space . The goal of this interaction is to gauge interest and request a follow - up meeting to discuss further . The second is the demo day style pitch . This is when you have a captive audience and have the ability to take 5 - 10 minutes to dive into a few details to really gather interest . Once again , the intent here for founders is to schedule a follow up meeting . The third and final in - person pitch is the investor pitch . This pitch should be fine - tuned to suit your audience and address all of the standard points . To cover the investor pitch would require it 's own entire post , but for prime example of pitch decks from some of the biggest unicorns check out 30 Legendary Pitch Decks and What You Can Learn From Them . This is a highly disputed question . Should all founders be living in their mom 's garages eating ramen ? What about experienced founders with exits under their belts taking home large salaries ? According to Yi - Jian it depends on the circumstances but there is always one common factor : is the founder happy ? If you are starting a company fresh out of college and can live on $ 2500 a month , do that . If you can live on nothing , awesome . If you have a family , a mortgage , and bills to pay , it makes sense to take $ 60-$80K. In addition to the Founder Happiness rule , Yi - Jian also says that there is a common trend when raising capital . When companies raise a Series A round they are no longer on what many would consider a shoestring budget . He says that at this point a founder will usually take $ 100 - 150k salary on a $ 3MM round . What metrics do investors want to see in their meetings ? Yi - Jian said at the angel stage it 's not in the numbers , necessarily . There are many more variables that are difficult to measure and need to be addressed first . Individual investors want to understand , how good is your team , what problem does your product solve , do people care , and how are you going to tell more people about it . With that said , numbers can be the most persuasive part of any pitch that can push investing angels to say yes . Far more investors are pushed to say no by founders not able to answer key questions . Read more advice about pitching to investors at Tech . Co . This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
During the 2017 Budget Speech last week , the National Treasury announced that IP exchange control would be relaxed . While this is still an ongoing process , the South African Reserve Bank ( SARB ) has now implemented changes to the Currency and Exchanges Manual for Authorised Dealers ( Exchange Control Manual ) . Speaking to ExCo member of Silicon Cape and IP & tech lawyer at law firm Webber Wentzel , Aalia Manie , once again , she says that " that Exchange Control approval is still a requirement for cross - border intellectual property ( IP ) transactions . But now some of the approvals can be obtained from Authorised Dealers and will not require approval from SARB . " An extract of the amendment : " Authorised Dealers may ... approve the outright sale , transfer and assignment of intellectual property by South African residents [ ... ] " According to Manie , the Authorised Dealers are based at select banks and are nominated by the Minister of Finance . The Authorised Dealers engage with SARB on behalf of individuals and businesses when exchange control applications are submitted . " If Authorised Dealers can approve the transactions , it means that further applications need not be made to the SARB . " Another part of the amendment reads that the sale / transfer / assignment of IP can be made by a South African resident " [ ... ] to unrelated non - resident parties at an arm 's length and a fair and market related price [ ... ] " Ventureburn asked Manie to clarify this section . " ' Unrelated non - resident parties ' , put simply , means foreign third parties . " " ' Arm 's length and a fair and market related price ' effectively means that the price must be on par with would have been paid in the ' market ' . Another way of thinking about it is that the price must align with ' fair value ' or be determined as if the parties act independently , on equal footing and in their own self interest . " Manie also pointed that while this amendment does not solve all the problems with the Exchange Control policy framework which have been communicated by critics to date , the reforms should simplify administrative hurdles and other transaction delays , and are a step in the right direction . " The meaning of ' appropriate tax treatment ' must also be clarified , but we expect this means compliance with existing tax laws . " It will also be interesting to see whether unlisted technology companies take advantage of the relaxation regarding establishment of offshore companies , given the conditions imposed by SARB . " Read the full amendment below [ link ] : Intellectual Property Authorised Dealers may ... approve the outright sale , transfer and assignment of intellectual property by South African residents , excluding mandated state owned companies as defined in Schedule 2 of the Public Finance Management Act , 1999 ( Act No . 1 of 1999 ) , to unrelated non - resident parties at an arm 's length and a fair and market related price , provided Authorised Dealers view the sale , transfer or assignment agreement and an auditor 's letter or intellectual property valuation certificate confirming the basis for calculating the sale price . The above - mentioned dispensation excludes sale and lease back agreements . " ' Authorised Dealers may approve the licensing of intellectual property by South African residents to non - resident parties at an arm 's length and a fair and market related price for the term of the agreement , provided Authorised Dealers view the licence agreement and an auditor 's letter confirming the basis for calculating the royalty or licence fee ... " " The sale , transfer , assignment and/or licensing of intellectual property ... [ set out ] above is subject to appropriate tax treatment . "
Going green can start at home , but it does n't have to stay there . There are several different ways to make your office energy efficient . The benefits of being environmentally friendly are copious , between cutting costs and making life easier for employees . Depending on how you decide to help the environment , you may even be eligible for federal tax credits . If you 're interested in going green , here are a few things your startup can do it get ahead of the environmentally friendly game : Take a look at the paper you use , the cleaning products , type of thermostat and appliances you use . There are lots of cost - effective ways for you to immediately reduce your impact just by purchasing more Earth - friendly and energy - saving products . - Lisa Curtis of Kuli Kuli Foods We feel our impact is most beneficial by working with food businesses that have a sustainable mission . By supporting socially driven businesses to reach wider audiences , we are changing consumer behavior to make sustainable , conscious decisions . - Ariel Sultan of Food Guru The most valuable advice I ' ve seen is to stock non - disposable office supplies ( mechanical pencils , reusable pens , and refillable printer cartridges , just to name a few ) . You might also consider putting recycle bins next to printers and photocopiers , and encouraging employees to telecommute more . Finally , monitor systems that are left running when they do n't need to be and turn them off . - Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates This is a pretty straightforward way to save trees and energy . Most financial institutions and many other business services offer an option to " go paperless . " By simply opting to receive statements and correspondence electronically , you can save a ton of wasted paper and all of the corresponding energy used to process and transport that paper . It 's an easy way to go green . - Chris Rodgers of Colorado SEO Pros This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Jeff Kahn is a cofounder and CEO of Rise Science , a sleep behavior change startup that provides sleep coaching for elite athletes . They harness the science behind sleep , and give elite athletes the power to perform at their best with the help of continuous , personalized insights , guidance and feedback . Rise Science is currently working with many major sports organizations like the Chicago Bulls , Jacksonville Jaguars , Miami Dolphins , West Virginia Mountaineers , and Tennessee Volunteers . Jeff 's research and work has been featured in the NY Times , ESPN and the Wall Street Journal . In this episode , they talk about a wide range of topics , including how the idea for Rise Science came about , what the first version of their sleep tracking looked like , and how to determine how much sleep you personally need . Additionally , they compare different sleep tracking tools , talk about how you can improve sleep , and whether or not morning and night people exist . Plus , the discuss the compliance rate with professional players , why they sell the players on sleep tracking and not the coaches , what kind of performance improvements teams are seeing , what the ideal nap looks like , the most common sleep mistakes athletes make , how do justify $ 80 - 100k a year to GMs of professional teams , and what Jeff 's sleep habits look like . SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here at Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Being in the military is a great honor in this country . But when the brave men and women return from serving the United States , many turn to entrepreneurship as a way to continue supporting themselves and their families . In fact , nine percent of all businesses in this country are veteran - owned , representing nearly six million employees , and $ 1.2 trillion in sales receipts . Between their commitment , their drive , and their ability to critically think under pressure , startup founder is the obvious next step for returning veterans . Phoenix is also home to veteran - led businesses , and they are especially important in this beautiful desert city , as they produce more on average than civilian businesses . If you 're interested in finding out what these veteran - led businesses and incubator are up to in Phoenix , take a look at a few of them below and be sure to check out Phoenix Startup Week powered by Chase for Business if you 're in the area : Veterans are a collection of some of the most dedicated , successful , and driven individuals the nation has to offer . That 's why The Armory , founded by Phillip Potter , hopes to build an entrepreneurial ecosystem around veteran founders by launching and scaling profitable and investment - worthy businesses founded by veterans . They generate deal flow and revenues so that these businesses can be profitable in no time . " It 's tremendously rewarding to work with such mission - focused individuals as they validate new business concepts and change the course of their lives , " said Potter . Founded by Paulo Shakarian and Jana Shakarian , Cyber Reconnaissance , Inc. ( trade name : CYR3CON N(t ) ) specializes in identifying cyber - threats in the earliest stages . Our software leverages both human analysts and advanced machine learning capabilities to search portions of the Internet where malicious hackers organize , plan , purchase malware , sell exploits , and conduct other activities prior to conducting a cyber - attack . Rush Club is an adrenaline - driven , heart - pounding , what - the - hell - did - I - just - see fitness entertainment that grabs your attention . Athletes go head - to - head in a competition for the title belt in their class . Founded by AJ Richards , Stacey Snyder , Kevin Korczyk , and Danny Page , the Rush Club stage is inclusive where elite adaptive athletes , missing limbs or in wheelchairs , share equal billing with non - adaptive athletes as they compete to be the best in their division . SP Founded by , Jack Fisher , Kiran RajBhandary , and Gary Baudisch , EZ Dump Commercial Inc. ( EZDC ) , is an innovative design and engineering company focused on the waste receptacle needs of the commercial users in restaurant , hospitality , office , education , industrial and healthcare markets , offering a patented and safer solution - SmartcanMax . SP Founded by Tom Bishop , Dan Rubin , and Dan Taffe , Zendoks is a technology startup focusing on building a platform to help facilitate the digital health revolution . We truly believe that the healthcare landscape will continue to change dramatically as consumer wearable technology becomes more prevalent . Read more about the startup ecosystem in Phoenix here on Tech . Co This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESSis everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series . SP Photo : Flickr / Defence Images
There was a dose of realism last night as a cross section of the London technology scene agreed that the mandatory opening up of customer 's financial data via APIs in January 2018 - otherwise known as open banking - may not be the instant revolution that regulators envision . Speaking at the opening event for the Nesta Open Up Challenge - a competition to find teams creating the best digital services for small business customers on top of these newly opened up APIs - there was general consensus that open banking is over a decade away from mass adoption from consumers . Open banking is basically an inevitability now as regulators in the UK and Europe ramp up implementation of new standards like PSD2 ( Revised Payment Service Directive ) , which will require banks to open up anonymised customer data for third parties to access via application programming interfaces ( APIs ) . The intention is to make banking more transparent , open and competitive , to the benefit of the average consumer . Venture capitalist and global head of Fintech at EY , Imran Gulamhuseinwala , agrees that open banking is " inevitable " , in that there is " an unstoppable march to using data and putting it into the hands of customers " . SP In reality though consumer adoption of new services may not be as drastic as regulators intend . Tom Blomfield , founder of digital challenger bank Monzo , said during the event : " People tend to overestimate the impact of technology developments in the short term and underestimate it in the long term . I feel that is what is happening with PSD2 . " Monzo , to all intents and purposes , is very keen for open banking to be a success as its app - centric platform is set up to benefit from the opening up and unbundling of banking services , giving consumers a better interface to manage their finances from . Blomfield , who also cofounded the direct debits startup GoCardless , knows that consumers do n't move that quickly though . " People will be underwhelmed in the short term by what is achieved , but in the long term it will herald a real revolution , but that long term I do n't think is five years , it might be ten to twenty years . " SP Jeni Tennison , CEO of the Open Data Institute - a vocal exponent of open banking - agreed with the 2020 timescale . She said : " We wo n't see much very different in terms of services until then as it takes time to create a business or service that brings extra value . " Longer term we can foresee a time where banking operates more as a commodity , so you are less choosing your bank account based on the interface because you can choose the interface you want to use across multiple accounts in a way that suits you , " she said , referring to an approach otherwise known as banking - as - a - service . Izabella Kaminska , a blogger for the Financial Times ' Alphaville site also does n't envision a groundswell of public adoption from day one . " My perception is the industry is obsessed with this as a goldmine , it is going to be exceptionally revolutionary , in the short term actually , but the consumer side of the equation is a bit ' meh ' . Most people I speak to just do n't care enough about their bank , it is seen as a utility , " she said . Entries for the Nesta Open Up challenge are now open with up to PS5 million in prize money and other incentives available to up to 20 teams that can build the best service , app or tool on top of the new open banking APIs . The aim of the challenge is to bring " game - changing value for UK small businesses " . For more information visit openup.challenges.org .
Bupa 's Customer Lab has just launched its new Blue Table accelerator programme , inviting startups and small businesses to partner with the company to tackle key customer challenges in insurance , health and care experiences and wellbeing change . Blue Table is the first project from Bupa 's new Customer Lab , which was recently established within the business to explore new ways of delivering high quality , comprehensive health and care services which meet customer needs in the digital age . Blue Table will offer startups and small businesses the chance to pilot and test their ideas inside a global health and care company while also giving them the opportunity to make a positive impact on the lives of the millions of customers Bupa serves worldwide . The 10-week programme will be run in collaboration with corporate innovation specialist L Marks and successful candidates will be mentored by senior Bupa business leaders and tech experts . They will have access to office space in central London to develop their ideas and L Marks will provide potential investment opportunities . As part of Blue Table , the Customer Lab is looking for pitches which deliver innovation solutions to key customer challenges in three key areas : There is also a wildcard category for startups and small businesses to showcase unique ideas and innovations in the wider health and care sector . Commenting on the launch of Blue Table , John Moore from the Bupa Customer Lab said : " One of Bupa 's key priorities is continuous improvement and innovation to meet customers ' needs in this digital age . Blue Table is a great opportunity for us to work and share our expertise with innovative startups and small businesses to get a new perspective on our own business and enhance the services we provide to millions of customers all over the world . " He continued : " We know there are many opportunities for innovation in the healthcare sector and we 're excited to see what startups and small businesses can bring to the table , delivering real benefits for customers and helping us to fulfil our purpose of helping people live longer , healthier , happier lives . " L Marks works with some of the UK 's best known brands , including John Lewis , International Airlines Group and EDF Energy . Chairman Stuart Marks said : " Bupa is one of the leading healthcare and insurance providers in the market , which makes Blue Table a unique opportunity for talented startups looking to fast - track their business by revitalising the healthcare sector and help improve Bupa 's customer experience . I am excited that L Marks are on board to discover and get involved with the development of these new and relevant innovations . " Applications are now open and close on until Thursday 15 June 2017 . For more info , check out the video below . To apply , please visit www.bupabluetable.com . SP
For much of the 20th century , businesses were focused on extracting resources , creating products , and providing services that simply met the needs of their customer . And yet , as they focused on what the customer was purchasing , very little emphasis was put towards how customers interacted with the company as a whole . Perhaps your checked bag went missing after a recent enjoyable flight , or your speedy internet provider overcharged you , and a customer service representative could n't figure out why . During his workshop on incorporating service design as a startup , Marc Mueller , a UX researcher at Universal Mind , noted that commodities are fungible , goods are tangible , services are intangible , and experiences should be memorable . As a startup , there 's ample opportunity from day one to consider every touch point you will have with a customer - from their first interaction with your website to purchasing your product . Mueller followed by asking a thought provoking question to the room : How do you craft an experience that helps you compete with ( or beat ) the incumbents of your industry ? Service design experts suggest that when you place equal value on the customer experience and the business process within every decision , you 'll have created a memorable interaction that will keep customers coming back for more . To execute service design as a business , determine how and where these four concepts fit into your business strategy : guests and hosts , actors and staging , narratives and encounters , or choreography . It might sound a bit like Westworld , and there 's good reason for that . A well - executed service design places a heavy emphasis on ensuring that the four concepts mentioned above have your value proposition in mind . They understand your brand , how you communicate , and what leads to a successful delivery of your product or service . Ultimately , it affects every aspect of your business , not limited to your bottom line . Consider the premium consumers pay for an Apple or Patagonia product and the experience they have in their retail stores . Buying a computer or jacket at Walmart might cost you less , but the experience and quality is worlds apart . Mueller proposed the exercise of thinking deeper about how you draft personas of your target customers . Most entrepreneurs build a persona based on how the marketing world views a customer , focusing on buying motivations and behaviors . This is fine for determining how to sell the product , but not how the product should work . Instead , consider the way a designer would draft a persona . The focus shifts to user goals , behaviors , and pain points , which helps tell the story of why a user chose a specific product versus an alternative . This deeper understanding helps to build empathy between the company and their user - the beginnings of a valuable experience . To help dissect how that customer interacts with your product or service , and the pain points that exist within that process , let 's look at an experience at an airport through the use of a journey map . Journey maps are a visualization of the journey a persona typically goes through as part of their service experience . SP The x - axis in this case is time , and the y - axis is the emotional state of someone going through the airport . Once you ' ve mapped out your customer 's journey , you ' ve got the makings for a blueprint about your company 's service design . Mueller suggests that every company , big or small , has the ability to spread their resources across the following three categories : Operational Excellence , Product Leadership , and Customer Intimacy . It 's within this realm that companies like Apple and Microsoft can compete in the market yet craft different experiences for their target customer based on their goals and pain points . The post How Is Your Business Supporting Your Customers ? appeared first on Galvanize . This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
The University of Newcastle ( UON ) has announced the appointment of Dr Sarah Pearson , formerly CEO of Canberra 's CBR Innovation Network ( CBRIN ) , as its inaugural Pro Vice - Chancellor of Industry Engagement and Innovation . In the role , Pearson will work towards building industry partnerships for the university , while accelerating its entrepreneurial support through innovation hubs and working towards the commercialisation of research . Pearson expressed her excitement about the appointment , saying she 's been following the university 's progression in the innovation space closely for a while and is looking forward to continuing its development . " I am passionate about bringing ideas to life in order to benefit the global community ; research institutions play a vital role in realising this , " she said . " My experience working across research , industry and in close partnership with government , in all parts of the innovation system , will help me provide a strong base for the University of Newcastle to make further progression in the space . " With a long history in the entrepreneurial space , Pearson founded CBRIN in 2014 off the back of an ACT government push to support local innovation . A collaboration between its founding partners CSIRO , Data 61 , UNSW Canberra , University of Canberra , Canberra Institute of Technology and Australian National University , the organisation offers events , workshops , coworking space and mentorship to local startups . Pearson was also behind the launch of the organisation 's accelerator program , in addition to developing activities and programs for kids designed to encourage interest in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) . The appointment comes as part of the university 's push towards supporting local innovation and industry , according to Deputy Vice - Chancellor for Research and Innovation Professor Kevin Hall , which will be aided by Pearson 's " extensive links " to the innovation ecosystem . " I am proud the University of Newcastle is making proactive steps to strengthen our ties to industry and make the world - class research happening at our institution continue to translate into global solutions , " said Hall . " Dr Pearson 's vast experience working between research and industry , as well as her extensive links with the international innovation community will give our institution the leadership necessary for the University to make its mark on a global scale . " Part of UON 's push towards supporting innovative projects , last year saw the university contribute $ 8 million towards the government 's Hunter Innovation Project , a project designed to transform NSW 's Hunter region into an digital innovation hub . The university also launched its Integrated Innovation Network , an initiative to create spaces for researchers , startups and small - to - medium enterprises ( SMEs ) to collaborate , as backed by $ 1 million from the state government 's Boosting Business Innovation Grant .
Sydney customer intelligence platform Local Measure has raised $ 4.5 million in funding from private investors and family offices to help expand across the US and the Middle East with new offices in Los Angeles and Dubai . Bringing the total raised by Local Measure to date to $ 15 million , founder and CEO Jonathan Barouch said the funding comes after a busy year for the startup . While providing solutions for a variety of businesses and locations , from hotels to shopping centres and educational and cultural venues , the startup has over the last year narrowed its focus on the tourism and hospitality industry ; it won the Emerging Innovator Award at the global Travel Innovation Summit in November . Local Measure 's technology looks to help clients discover what guests and visitors are saying about their venue and service on social media in real time to help them improve the guest 's experience and detect and solve any problems before they grow . " We had 150 percent revenue growth year - on - year in the hotel vertical , and we have some of the biggest theme parks and tourism assets in the world with us , which is really nice because we ' ve focused in on an area we 're good at , and we 're becoming experts , " Barouch said . The startup reports that its solution is being used by businesses in more than 380 cities around the world , with the likes of Qantas , AccorHotels , and Club Med among its clients . Expecting to grow its US clientele to over 1,000 hotels by the end of the year , the startup will be opening an office in LA before the end of this quarter to help its existing Miami base in facilitating this growth , while a Dubai office is set to open over the coming weeks . The startup also has offices in Singapore and London . According to Barouch , 60 percent of Local Measure 's revenue currently comes from outside Australia ; he expects this to grow to at least 90 percent by the end of the year . In seeking funding to pursue this growth , Barouch said the startup went to its existing investor base ; to date Local Measure has no venture capital backing . " When we started the company about five a half years ago , there were n't really many VCs in Australia that would invest in global SaaS B2B businesses . That 's obviously changed over the last few years , but we 're in the fortunate position where we 're growing , revenue is growing , and we ' ve got a world - class board and advisors , " he said . " We have spoken to a few VCs since but the kind of terms they want are n't really compatible with the shareholder base and the structure we ' ve currently got . "
Kids growing up in low - income neighborhoods have always faced extra challenges when it comes to keeping up with their middle- to high - income peers . And with the dawning of the digital age , low - income students now face a new , unprecedented challenge : access to high - speed internet . More than ever , students are required to go online to complete homework , collaborate on projects and conduct research . For students with no internet access at home , this can be a daunting challenge . Even though 85 percent of the nation has access to broadband internet , one White House release noted that less than half of the households in the lowest income bracket have an internet subscription at home . " While many middle - class U.S. students go home to internet access ... too many lower - income children go unplugged every afternoon when school ends , " according to the White House release . " This ' homework gap ' runs the risk of widening the achievement gap , denying hardworking students the benefit of a technology - enriched education . " In response , the White House launched ConnectHome in 2015 . This initiative set out to bring high - speed internet to more than 275,000 low - income families in 28 communities across the nation . Likewise , companies like Microsoft , Google and Comcast have rolled out programs to help bridge the digital divide . Although these large - scale programs are leading the way , it 's smaller , grassroots startups that will ensure the delivery of high - speed internet to every home in America . Startups and nonprofits across the country are stepping up to help low - income families connect to the internet . They deliver programs that aim to facilitate the personal , academic and professional growth of their local communities . One of the most established organizations delivering internet access to those who ca n't afford it is Connecting for Good . This nonprofit based in Kansas City formed in 2011 , after Google announced that Kansas City would be the first city to receive Google Fiber . By the end of 2012 , Connecting for Good had installed its first free Wi - Fi network , providing connectivity to almost 400 low - income residents . In addition , the group provides digital literacy training and offers refurbished laptops for just $ 50 . Connecting for Good is funded through grants and private donations , and one of its co - founders was named the manager of President Obama 's ConnectHome program . In the Bronx , where one - third of the residents go without home internet , startup Neture , Inc. aims to provide reliable , high - speed internet access to all . Founded in 2014 , Neture launched its third phase last summer , and currently provides a combination of free and low - cost internet to several Bronx neighborhoods . The company also provides free computers as amenities in some apartment complexes , and is devoted to teaching digital literacy . Because the achievement gap is a mosaic of different challenges , some startups are focused more on teaching tech skills and harnessing available tech to improve student support . Even though these organizations are n't providing internet access , the ultimate success of all of these ventures -- and the children they hope to help -- will depend on unilateral access to home internet . Code Fever is a southern Florida startup on a mission to encourage under - resourced and minority students to learn coding . The company hopes to inspire these students , ages 13 to 21 , to create their own tech - related startups in their communities and become the STEM ( science , technology , engineering and math ) leaders of the future . Code Fever started in 2013 and raised $ 75,000 through crowdfunding efforts . TalkingPoints is another organization working to bridge the achievement gap with technology . The founders wanted to provide a way for parents , students and teachers to overcome language barriers , so they developed a multilingual texting platform that can translate text messages into the language of the recipient . Teachers can text parents in English , and the parents are able to read the message ( and respond ) in their own language . TalkingPoints is free to schools and supported by grants and private donations . In a world that keeps getting faster and more tech - savvy every day , it 's crucial for all children to have access to the tools and resources they need to become productive , successful members of society . As time goes on , home internet access will become increasingly necessary for students to engage , grow and perform at school . Fortunately , government programs , big business initiatives and grassroots startups are already well on their way to making high - speed internet accessible to every household .
Finding financial data , particularly for private companies , is no small task . It usually requires a solid BS detector for researching online and a network of knowledgeable sources to bounce numbers off of -- not something that can easily be done over coffee or in the middle of a meeting . PitchBook , a PE and VC database , is integrating financial data into its mobile app to chip away at this problem . The update is bringing financials for 266,000 companies , including revenue figures for 145,000 businesses , to its mobile app . That 's on top of the startup data the company provides that includes rounds , investors and other history . When available , PitchBook is also providing balance sheet summaries and valuations . The company is seeing growing demand for its mobile offerings . 25 percent of active PitchBook users are on mobile each month , a 54 percent increase from this time last year . SP Most of the private startups cataloged by PitchBook do n't have complete financial data . This means that , for most companies , you will only be able to see a sampling of revenue numbers and public SEC filings . The addition seems more about co - locating all known information about a given company . It would be nice to see PitchBook and its competitors do more with natural language search . As of now you ca n't search " Revenue for Uber " and get a result immediately . The design of the current mobile app prioritizes access to information over analysis . This move makes a lot of sense and fact checking probably covers a majority of use cases for accessing investment data on mobile . But in lieu of analytics features for power - users , the company should try to fully deliver on its promise to get financial data in the hands of decision makers as fast as possible . " We 're working on tighter device integrations with SiriKit and trying to rank better within Spotlight search , " said Alex Legault , PitchBook 's lead product manager . PitchBook has no shortage of competitors . CrunchBase , CB Insights , Mattermark and others all have solid databases for investors , but PitchBook 's relationship with Morningstar should help to differentiate it with solid offerings for investors across industries in both public and private markets . Morningstar acquired PitchBook for $ 225 million back in October 2016 . Legault says that PitchBook is feverishly adding non - tech companies to its database , a move that should be appreciated by the traditional PE subscribers of Morningstar . But the larger corpus of businesses could n't come at a better time for PitchBook 's 2,000 clients and 7,000 active users . Even in early days , the number of non - tech companies involved in tech acquisitions is substantive and set to increase in the coming years .
Event Flavour , a new kind of self - service ticketing and venue booking platform , has been launched just a few weeks ago . The Berlin - based startup aims to provide all the tools and technology that are required to make your event successful and far - reaching . With Event Flavour you can create your event with just a few clicks and start selling tickets and manage your attendees with ease . Also , Event Flavour offers a convenient venue management system , where venue owners can list their event locations and attract additional event organizers . In short , it aims to provide the ultimate one - stop platform where people can find venues of their choice and organise the events according to their preferences . Users can then also promote the events and attract attendees through the Event Flavour platform . The startup provides a great event hosting platform for all kinds of events , be it corporate , entertainment , educational , conferences , networking meetings , seminars , exhibitions , political rallies , gaming competitions or any other kind of event . Event Flavour aims to be the perfect place for hosting your events and finding the perfect venue for the event with ease . Some of the key features of Event Flavour are : 1 . Sell tickets within minutes : Event Flavour enables you to start selling tickets pretty quickly . Its platform provides a fast setup experience and a convenient solution for posting events . 2 . Get paid faster : Using Event Flavour , you 're able to receive cash instantly . You do n't have to worry about receiving funds until your event ends any more . You will be paid instantly . 3 . Competitive low fees : The platforms service charge is below industry standard . You also have the opportunity to pass on Event Flavour 's service fee to the attendees . This way you do n't have to pay anything . Event Flavour generates direct mapping between events and venues and allows both parties to have a good benefit . With Event Flavour , users do n't have to use different platforms for planning an event and finding a venue . Both can be done under one roof with a lot of ease . " Your Events and Venues Search Place " , is the slogan which Ashok Dudhat , the founder behind Event Flavour , created for his startup . Ashok 's vision is to improve the way events and venues are discovered online . Event Flavour has been bootstrapped so far and was created by a small team in Berlin and Surat ( India ) .
BrainWaveBank , a health - tech startup that develops data - centric solutions for tracking brain health , has just secured over PS1 million in funding from the Government - backed Angel CoFund , techstart NI , Innovate UK and Invest Northern Ireland totalling . BrainWaveBank was founded in 2015 and is helping to address major cognitive health problems through innovative technology . Dementia has a dramatic effect on the lives of sufferers and carers , affecting many millions of people around the globe , and there is critical need for early detection technologies . BrainWaveBank 's technology allows individuals to easily track their cognitive health on a daily basis from their home . A low - cost wearable device , together with a smartphone or tablet , will combine the user 's responses while playing games that challenge different cognitive skills with recordings of their brain activity . Through advanced analytics and machine learning methods , the system will detect the earliest signs of cognitive decline and empower people to make simple lifestyle changes to encourage healthy aging of the brain . Finding the first precursors of dementia will also give medical and pharmaceutical researchers the power to develop new therapies , and in the future prevent or cure the disease . BrainWaveBank is also active in contact sports . Both professional and amateur sports teams are increasingly concerned with players ' cognitive health and the effect of impacts on their long - term brain health . American football has accepted that sports - related concussion can lead to debilitating brain disorders later in life , and there is growing consciousness of the issue in rugby , soccer , and ice hockey . BrainWaveBank 's platform can profile each player 's brain fitness and track the day - to - day performance of the player over the course of the season , providing insight into subtle effects of impacts , sleep and other training and lifestyle factors on the short- and long - term cognitive health of the players . This round of funding will see the business invest heavily in technology as it looks to build out its neuroscience platform and further develop affordable hardware for mass consumer markets . This will be a major step forward in the business ' mission to dramatically reduce the cost of measuring cognitive performance via brainwave activity and to take sophisticated brain imaging out of the lab and into the home . Ronan Cunningham , the CEO and co - founder of BrainWaveBank stated : " We founded BrainWaveBank with the goal of transforming the early detection and treatment of devastating cognitive illnesses such as dementia . We are very excited to be supported in achieving this vision by such a strong team of leading technology investors and innovation agencies . This funding allows us to significantly accelerate our technology development and bring our product to market where it can help people live longer , healthier , and more connected lives . " Tim Mills , Investment Director at the Angel CoFund commented : " Considerable progress has been made in recent years around the awareness and treatment of issues with cognitive health - but it 's clear that the human brain is still the least understood part of the human body . We 're backing BrainWaveBank because we believe they have a huge opportunity to advance the fight against dementia and better manage the treatment of impact related concussion , and we 're proud to be part of their journey . "
As the growth of Pause 2017 into Australia 's premier event for those interested in the convergence of the business , tech , and creative spheres has shown , the Australian startup ecosystem has come in leaps and bounds over the last few years . Where the terms ' startup ' and ' innovation ' were essentially unknown five or six years ago and entrepreneurship as a career path reserved for only a small subset of the population , now more people than ever before are thinking about diving into startup life and considering how to go about it . Starting their journey three years ago were Lucy Lloyd and Heidi Holmes , cofounders of mentoring platform Mentorloop . The startup aims to make it easier to start , manage , and participate in mentoring relationships within a company , with the aim being to facilitate the development of strong workplace culture , higher employee engagement , and lower staff turnover . " We started Mentorloop like many people start their startups : as a side thing , fitting it in around our already busy jobs ; Heidi had another full - time business , I was digital director of an ad agency , " Lloyd explained . " The early challenges were ones of limited time and money , as we bootstrapped Mentorloop . As neither of us is a developer we paid external developers to build the product for us , which was our biggest expense , but it paid off for us in that , because we were so tight with money , we never built anything we did n't need . " The biggest was identifying and acting on the ' all in ' moment , the point where they would leave their other commitments and go in full - time on the startup . For Lloyd and Holmes this moment turned out to be last May : Mentorloop was in market , they had their first paying customers , and had attracted commitment on $ 200,000 of what would end up being their $ 350,000 seed round . Attracting that funding was another challenge in itself . While there has never been more funding available across the Australian tech and startup landscape , the competition is fierce as the number of businesses increases . If they choose to look for funding , the decision of when to go after it is yet another difficult one that founders must make . Then comes the question of , how much ? Capital can help you develop and scale , but raising funding also means giving a portion of your business away . Set to unlock the secrets of capital raising at Pause 2017 's Tech Day are Lloyd and Holmes ; StartupAUS board member Glenn Smith ; Alex Robinson , cofounder of Airly ; and cofounder of Elevio , Chris Duell . The quintet will be speaking on an interactive panel about their experiences with startup investing in Australia . For Lloyd and Holmes , the decision to seek funding came when they saw their first three paying clients were still with them six months later . " We knew we were solving a real problem for our customers , " Lloyd said . " We could have continued to plug along and slowly grow the business but we did n't want to miss the opportunity , we wanted to accelerate our product development and business growth . This was the point where we decided to raise capital . " Once the decision to undertake a raise was made , the process of preparing to raise took several months . For the six months leading up to it they talked with VCs , angel investors , and family and friends about the business and the fact they were raising to get advice and put feelers out . From there the cofounders identified around 30 people they liked and thought would bring strategic value to the business , who in turn were interested in the cofounders and Mentorloop . From there they sent out letters and awaited responses , and then provided those interested with a formal deck on the business . A few months later they knew who was in , and for how much . Key to it all , believes Lloyd , was being prepared beyond the pitch . " While there 's a lot of emphasis on pitching in the startup scene , we did n't see any investment arising purely from a pitch scenario , " she said . " We got to know our investors over time , over many coffees , with a lot of back and forth . You need to know you can work together , so if you 're going to need to spend , say , 20 hours communicating with an investor before they sign , then you 'd better get started well before you actually need the money ! " Another big lesson Lloyd and Holmes learned is that investors want to know about more than just the product , they want to know about the business . As well as opening up on financials , users , and projections , founders need to be able to pitch the business vision , the culture , their strengths as founders , the business model , and growth plans . " The product is only one part of what will make investors sign on . " While Lloyd believes the funding has allowed Mentorloop to do in 12 months what would have taken three to five years to do without it , for her and Holmes the ideal investors were those who brought value to the business beyond the money . " We have a couple who are amazing connectors , always introducing us to potential clients and partners ; we have a couple who have spent significant time in sales - they coach us on how better to qualify and close leads ; we have a lawyer and accountants - always helpful expertise . We get along well with our investors , they 're a group of people we can get together with for a beer and good chat . " With so many lessons learned in Mentorloop 's capital raising journey , Lloyd is eager to share all the advice she can at Pause 2017 to make it easier for others considering whether or not to take the first step . " It 's been an incredible learning curve , which is why we ' ve organised this panel for Pause Fest ; there 's a lot of content out there from investors on why or how they invest , but we found the advice that made a difference to us came from other startups . " Pause Fest 2017 will take place at Federation Square on the 8th-10th of February 2017 . Tickets can be purchased here .
Costa Rica , Egypt , India and Thailand are set to test a new method for collecting statistics that would provide governments with key data on trade in services , according to an official from United Nations Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) . Trade in services , worth $ 4.8bn in 2015 , nearly doubled over the past decade as new information and communications technologies ( ICTs ) made it easier to outsource more complex business services , such as marketing and management consulting , and lowered barriers and entry costs , especially for businesses in developing countries . But current statistical reporting does not make it possible to calculate how much is supplied online and how much is delivered in a more traditional manner , for example , by sending experts to overseas clients . " The lack of data makes it difficult for developing countries trying to position themselves in the growing global market for business process outsourcing , " said Torbjorn Fredriksson , chief of UNCTAD 's ICT Analysis Section . " Many countries want to take advantage of the new opportunities but do n't know whether they 're succeeding since they lack tools to measure it , " he said , adding that policymakers currently have to rely on market estimates , often from consulting firms . Collection of data will go some way to helping governments nurture digital economies and , of course , the startup businesses often associated with these developments . Government initiatives , such as Chile 's Start - Up Chile program , are essential to the propagation of successful startup cultures across the world . Collecting data will assist projects like by capturing the true value of services that are traded online . To gather this information , UNCTAD is working with the governments of Costa Rica , Egypt , India and Thailand to develop a statistical survey that would make curating this data easier , in a project that is financially supported by the Swedish government . Having met with UNCTAD and other international experts in Geneva earlier this month to start ironing out survey details , the countries expect to start collecting data by April 2017 , with preliminary data available before the World Trade Organization 's ministerial conference in Buenos Aires in December 2017 . " The new data will give governments some reliable and comparable statistics to support talks on issues related to digital trade , " said Fredriksson . " By showing more precisely what is happening in these four countries , governments will finally have a better picture of the volume and composition of ICT - enabled services , " he added . SP
The entrepreneurial initiative , Endeavor SA , has recently concluded a study showing how its high - impact entrepreneurs affect job creation within the country . " Our results show a decade of phenomenal financial and job growth with approximately 21 000 jobs created by Endeavor South Africa companies since 2004 , " said the MD of Endeavor SA , Catherine Townshend , in a press release to Ventureburn . " This is an indicator of a community that is growing and gaining momentum , and we are excited to see Endeavor South Africa fast becoming an enabler of positive change , " she continued . In 2007 , it launched an accelerator aimed at black - owned startups which demonstrated an ability to scale . " We believe that by searching for and strategically supporting a select group of high - impact entrepreneurs who are transforming their communities , their industries and their countries , will drive the positive momentum that is so desperately needed , " said Townshend . According to Endeavor 's non - profit research arm , their entrepreneurs are four times more likely to inspire others as well as eight times more likely to serve as mentors and to invest in other entrepreneurs . " In South Africa , where both venture capital and high - level mentorship have been notoriously tough to access for emerging business leaders , organisations such as Endeavor can have an immediate and incredibly transformative impact , " concluded Townshend . The current Endeavor portfolio reflects the growth the initiative has undergone . According to the company , its SA portfolio currently consists of approximately 200 mentors and an active network of 34 entrepreneurs from 23 companies . The portfolio also consists of six accelerator entrepreneurs from six companies and an alumni network of 40 entrepreneurs from 31 companies . They also feature 34 accelerator entrepreneurs from 26 companies . " By selecting businesses that have high growth potential and local impact , Endeavor essentially builds upon a robust global network that provides inspiration , invaluable connections to experienced local and global mentors , opportunities to grow into global markets through the global Endeavor network and eventually , access to capital , " said Townshend .
The International Federation of Robotics forecast that unit shipments for the global market for vacuum cleaning robots , lawn - mowing robots and other household cleaning robots will grow at a CAGR of 33% through 2019 . Other research reports say revenue for the market will reach $ 2.5 billion by 2020 at a CAGR of 15% . America 's biggest provider , iRobot , in their earnings disclosure delivered this week , reported very strong sales in the United States ; 2016 sales were up more than 35% over a record 2015 . Total units shipped in fiscal 2015 were 2,436,000 compared to 2,174,000 units in fiscal 2014 . International shipments in 2015 represented 10.77% of revenue but increased only 1.5% over 2014 . No unit data was released for fiscal 2016 . SP iRobot 's stock steadily doubled over the last 12 months but took a $ 7 dive on the date of the earnings report . The increase in domestic home robots revenue was primarily attributable to increased sales as a result of significant investments in advertising media and national promotions as well as the launch of Roomba 980 . International home robots revenue growth slowed compared to fiscal 2014 as a result of negative macroeconomic conditions , specifically in Japan and Russia , offset by a significant growth increase in China . iRobot is eyeing Asia for growth and recently launched a $ 290 Braava jet mopping robot customized for China . iRobot has also acquired the iRobot related distribution business of privately - held Sales On Demand Corporation ( SODC ) based in Tokyo , Japan . The acquisition , which is expected to close in April 2017 , will enable iRobot to get closer to Japanese consumers and retail partners , and thus allow the company to better address Japanese market needs . Mother 's Day , Father 's Day and , in China , Singles Day are all big shopping holidays . Singles Day is held on November 11th ( 11/11 ) . [ November 11 was chosen for the annual holiday because no other date has as many 1 's , or " singles " . ] On that date in 2016 Ecovacs popular robot vacuum Deebot outsold TVs to emerge as the top - selling home electronic appliance on Tmall , a business - to - customer platform of Alibaba , the online sales network . Ecovacs reported that their online sales exceeded $ 47 million which equates to approximately 188,000 units . David Qian , who is in charge of Ecovacs ' international business , said : " After decades of development , the household robot industry is , in fact , still in its infancy . Future domestic robots will become multifunctional . Just cleaning floors will be not enough . " " China 's swelling middle class has a rising demand for domestic cleaning , home security and surveillance robots , " said Luo Jun , CEO of the Asian Manufacturing Association . " Robots can make doing housework interesting and cool , " said Liu De , co - founder and vice - president of Xiaomi . As a consequence , both domestic and foreign enterprises are scrambling to participate in the market . Chinese home appliance firms such as Haier Group and TCL Corp are eyeing the market with similar products , making the market increasingly crowded . Chinese smartphone vendor Xiaomi Corp launched a smart vacuum cleaner last September . Priced at $ 246 , the machine is equipped with 12 sensors and a central processing unit . Instead of bouncing around the room and haphazardly picking up debris , Xiaomi said it can automatically measure the size of the room and map the best routes to do cleaning . SP iRobot is planning to quadruple its presence in the Chinese market after setting up its Chinese headquarters in Shanghai last September . SP " The global household robots market is growing about 25 percent annually , but in China , the growth rate is close to 70 or 100 percent , " said Colin Angle , chairman and CEO of iRobot . Prominent companies besides Ecovacs and iRobot operating in the market are Dyson Ltd. , Infinuvo , Koninklijke Philips N.V. , LG Electronics Inc. , Neato Robotics Inc. , Intellibot Robotics , Yujin Robot , and Samsung Electronics to name just a few . At CES in Las Vegas in January , one could see that the current consumer products fad seems to have shifted gears from big TVs to robots . CES may well become the goto tradeshow for consumer oriented robotic start - ups . Smart devices for the home offering compatibility with Amazon 's Alexa , Google Home and Apple 's HomeKit were all crowd pleasers but one could see Amazon everywhere . By opening up their Alexa Voice Service , it 's now being integrated into cars ( Ford , VW ) , smartphones ( Huawei ) , robot vacuums ( LG ) , remotes ( DirectTV ) and LG refrigerators . Voice activation that works - as Amazon 's Alexa and Siri are proving - is becoming real and offers a new selling point for techies and other early adopters of robotic vacuums and other home products . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
We 're looking forward to meet about 355 of you tomorrow at the HTW Audimax Berlin for this year 's EU - Startups Conference ! A plan of the HTW campus ( Treskowallee 8) can be found here . The Audimax is in the building D. If you 're walking from U - Bahn station Tierpark or you 're taking the tram or bus , you 'll arrive at Treskowallee , then enter the Romerweg and take the next one right to enter the campus . I ' m sure you will figure it out ! SP No need to bring a paper ticket - just tell us your name at the entrance . At the event , we 'll have an awesome crowd of startup founders , investors , media people and corporates . A few days ago , we actually announced the 15 startups that we selected from over 140 applications for this year 's Pitch Competition . And here we 're listing some of the attending investors , although there are several more investors who signed up in the meantime . An overview regarding the attendees can be found here . Below you 'll find the agenda of the event : 10.30 - 11.00 - Coffee / Networking 11.00 - 11.05 - Short Welcome Speech by Thomas Ohr 11.05 - 11.30 - Ferry Heilemann Speech - 8 year 's as Serial Entrepreneur and Investor - Learnings from DailyDeal , Google and FreightHub 11.30 - 12.15 - Fireside Chat with Jesper Buch ( Just Eat Founder / Angel Investor ) 12.15 - 12.30 - Benedikt Franke ( Helpling ) - The challenge of fast growth and how to overcome growing pains of a startup 12.30 - 12.55 - Panel Discussion " How to enter the German speaking market and scale " - with Bernd Auer ( Teamleader ) , Georg Schlotter ( BP / business angel ) , Grega Potokar ( ABC Venture Gates ) 12.55 - 13.00 - Federica Bordoni Speech ( Aruba Cloud ) 13.00 - 13.40 - Pitch Competition - 8 Startup Pitches 13.40 - 14.35 - Break / Food & Drinks / Networking 14.35 - 14.45 - Christoph Sollich Speech ( Pitch Doctor ) 14.45 - 15.15 - Investors on Stage ( 10 - 14 VCs pitch on stage ) 15.15 - 15.40 - Nils Seger Speech ( RCKT ) - The role of communications in the startup industry 15.40 - 16.15 - Pitch Competition - 7 Startup Pitches 16.15 - 16:45 - Jeff Burton Speech ( Electronic Arts ) - Learnings from the early days of Electronic Arts 16.45 - 17.30 - Fireside Chat with Peter Vesterbacka 17.30 - 17.35 - Announcement of the Pitch Competition Winner 17.35 - 18.00 - Farewel / Short Networking / End By the way : We 're doing a little after - party for those of you who would like to continue the networking and to have some drinks together in the evening . For this purpose we rented the Bitte und Danke Bar in Berlin Friedrichshain exclusively for attendees of the EU - Startups Conference . The Bitte und Danke is just 20 minutes away ( with the U - Bahn ) from the HTW Audimax . At this casual get - together , everybody will pay for their own drinks . The place is limited to 150 people , so if you 'd like to join us , please secure your spot as soon as possible by adding yourself to the Doodle list .
Pinguin is a new app that lets you chat with people based on your interests . Really into startups ? They got a room for you . Like you some programming ? Right this way , sir . Like food ? They got a room for you . The team , Josh Purvis , Devon Woodruff , Vijay Kumar , and Bryan O'Reilly built the app from he ground up with the needs of the online set in mind . There are a few of these apps - most recently Shout - but Pinguin is aimed at giving you specific topics of conversation . While these apps always have an empty room problem I saw a few dozen folks in every room I visited . Some rooms , like # podcasts , are empty . " We set ourselves apart from the other players with the different layers of communities . Within our channels , we allow our users to chat nationally , locally , or in the proximity of a specific event or venue , " said Purvis . " We wanted to give our users the opportunity to connect to a broad community for access to the best information , while also giving them access to the people that share their interests right around the corner . We do n't see Pinguin as just a chat app but an opportunity to build real communities both inside and outside of the app . " They are completely bootstrapped and built the project without funding . They 're about to open a seed round and the app is available on iOS and Android . The team considers normal social media to be " thought vomit . " " Twitter and Facebook did n't help me much when I moved from middle Missouri to Orlando , to NYC , to SF , and then to LA . There I was in these new cities with no friends or family . All the degrees of connectivity did n't help , " said Purvis . " I had to find friends and people of interest the old - fashioned way . To walk up and say , ' Hi , I ' m Josh . ' " Now he does n't even have to do that . With Pinguin he can meet foodies and programmers and dog lovers worldwide or in his city . " We believe there 's a gap in the social space because the incumbents simply ca n't afford to target in a way that lets people socialize around their interests rather than being tied to the people they know , " he said . And , if this app does n't work , they always have the opportunity to build a Club Penguin replacement for older kids .
Seenit , the Startups Awards - commended video collaboration platform , has taken home the esteemed Disrupt Cup at TechCrunch Disrupt London 2016 's Startup Battlefield . The Startups 100-featured company was one of six finalists , including InsideDNA , LiftIgniter , Oxehealth and PhenixP2P , whittled down from 14 competitors . After two days of pitching in front of multiple groups of venture capitalists and tech leaders , Seenit was crowned the winner and took home a $ 50,000 investment . InsideDNA , a company that uses machine learning to identify drug targets , was chosen as runner - up . Founded in 2014 by Emily Forbes - featured in our inspiring women series - Seenit enables brands and organisations to turn fans , employees and influencers into their own mobile film crews . The judges for the final demo day included Barbara Belvisi of Hardware Club , Accel 's Luciana Lixandru , Sean O'Sullivan of SOSV , TechCrunch editor - in - chief Matthew Panzarino and Francesca Warner of Downing Partners .
An unusual challenge : Grow the value of a customer base that 's been hit with a windstorm of record - breaking engagement . The savvy solution : The most transformative technology to come along in years : artificial intelligence . For Nick Rockwell , CTO of the New York Times -- and a featured speaker at MB 2017 coming up July 11 - 12 -- AI is foundational to his game plan to blow up the digital Times until it blots out the sky . His team is leveraging analytics and machine learning to create the kind of personalization strategies that can grow an audience hungry for more . It all started during last year 's presidential election , when a screaming , tantrum - throwing orangutan raced against arguably the most qualified candidate to ever throw their hat in the presidential ring . The public was horrified , fascinated , terrified -- and hooked . In the wake of the new normal , readership of The New York Times skyrocketed . Though the electoral winner makes continuous claims that the media giant is " failing , " the numbers tell a different story . During the last three months of 2016 , the Times gained 276,000 net digital - only subscribers -- or more digital subscriptions in three months than in all of 2013 and 2014 combined . Digital advertising revenue , which makes up about 42 percent of the Times 's total revenue , rose 10.9 percent to $ 77.6 million in the quarter . And Nick Rockwell , the minty - fresh brand - new CTO of the New York Times , was handed unprecedented success , but also one of the biggest challenges of his career : Keeping that momentum alive while killing the always - lurking specter of churn . Join Rockwell along with leaders from Coca - Cola , Airbnb , Pandora , IBM , Walmart , and other chieftains of AI at MB 2017 in San Francisco , July 11 - 12 . Register by May 19 to get 50% off early bird pricing . SP Another facet of the challenge : The Times is a subscription - first business , which means they 're not interested in maximizing clicks , selling low - margin advertising , or winning a pageviews arms race . Unlike some digital - first publications , the often - maligned , puzzlingly successful clickbait headline strategy is n't going to do the trick . This means the appointment of Rockwell to CTO and the ascendence of AI could not be better synchronized . Yes , traffic to the NYT is breaking records , but it still takes three to five years to turn a casual reader into a subscriber -- and AI is now the secret sauce for accelerating that . Rockwell 's been redefining what 's possible in the digital world since AOL CDs were a valuable commodity . In the mid-90s at the media startup , SonicNet , he helped destroy the limits of what online video technology was capable of , which caught the eye of MTV Networks . He served as senior vice president and CTO of digital media and digital technology at MTV , went on to become a tech leader at numerous startups , as well as the CTO at both TheLadders.com and Conde Nast . In 2015 , when Rockwell was tapped to become the New York Times Company 's CTO , it signaled a seismic shift in the media company 's focus : The future would be digital . You do n't meaningfully evolve an iconic brand without taking risks . " We ' ve historically been conservative as CTOs and CIOs , " Rockwell said in a recent interview . SP " We ' ve been trained to keep the lights on and make sure nothing breaks . It 's defensive and oriented towards future - proofing , and maximizing ROI . But we need to get super aggressive and adopt new technology . " Rockwell will be talking exactly about that at this year 's MB 2017 as well as sharing innovative strategies and insights he 's picked up from his time in the trenches . It 's time to move from just - a - trend , AI as flavor du jour , into actionable strategies that transform how business is done . SP
The Barclays SA acceleration programme , Techstars , has opened applications to up - and - coming entrepreneurs looking to scale their innovative startups in Africa and abroad . The 13-week programme set to begin 9 May 2017 , at the Rise fintech hub in Woodstock Cape Town , and will put 10 startups through their paces fitting in 12 months of work into three . Startups selected for the programme will have an opportunity to learn , as well as expand their presence within the African continent via Barclays Africa Group 's customers , technology teams and products . They 'll also have a chance to scale on a global level through the various Rise sites situated in Tel Aviv , London , Mumbai , Vilnius and New York . Techstars startups will receive up to US$ 45 000 in investment as well as have access to over 300 perks valued at more than US$ 2-million . The accelerator will provide startups with a proven curriculum as well as lifelong access to the Techstars network of investors , VCs and mentors . " Africa has a tremendous untapped potential to not only pioneer its own creative solutions for its unique contexts but to also create solutions that the rest of the world can adopt for their own concepts , " said the leader for Barclay 's innovative agenda , Yasaman Hadjibashi . Speaking to the Techstars MD , Yossi Hasson , his passion for entrepreneurs came from his own hardships as one , having spent 12 years of his life building Synaq from the ground up . Read more : Landmark Barclays Africa accelerator programme concludes " Through that 12-year journey we ( himself and his co - founder ) had a lot of ups and downs and learned some very painful and hard lessons as everyone does and realised probably a little later in my experience that what could have shortened the pains and the downs would've been getting access to mentors who ' ve done this before . " Having access to those mentors we would've probably accelerated the growth and reached the same kind of milestones in a shorter period of time and with a lot less pain , " he continued . Hasson also mentioned the hurdles he 's faced going from an entrepreneur to an MD of an accelerator , which caters to entrepreneurs . " You 're no longer the entrepreneur so you ' ve got to let the entrepreneurs make their decisions as much as you might think this is what they should be doing , they are the entrepreneur . " The other challenge has been making sure you can create a ( successful ) environment , because you have 10 different other companies from eight different countries , vastly different cultures , backgrounds , businesses and building a cohesive programme where these 10 entrepreneurs can work together in the same space but also collaborate and thrive together to scale and succeed , " he said . Startups eligible to apply to the Techstars Africa accelerator should have the capacity for machine learning , lending , digital banking solutions , cyber security , trading , and data analytics . They should also have the capability for insurance , cryptocurrency , wealth management as well as payments , and much more . Eligible candidates should also consist of a great team with both business and technical capabilities as well as a commitment to developing their startup . They also need to be based full - time at any of the accelerator sites for the duration of the programme . Read more : 4 factors to consider before signing with an accelerator Techstars also takes 6% for US$ 20 000 , this value comes from the mentorship , international network , access to the investment community as well as a chance to fast track a partnership with Barclays Bank . " I truly believe that being part of Techstars gives companies such an advantage when it comes to scaling globally . The depth of experience that the Techstars team and global mentor network has in working with and investing in over 900 startups is unprecedented for the African continent . The accelerator pushes for one year 's worth of traction in three months . At the end , your company wo n't come out the same regardless of stage , " said Hasson . So far , Techstars has worked with over 900 companies which have collectively raised over US$ 2.4-billion , with almost 80% of their cohorts still active while 11% have been acquired . And , for those startups looking to partner or make a successful exit , there is a mergers and acquisitions partnership team situated in Silicon Valley . Companies have until 5 February 2017 to apply .
It may come as a surprise to many , but most startup founders are actually in their 30 's , and 38 percent are over 40 , according to a study conducted by Mattermark on behalf of Bloomberg Beta . Even more enlightening is the fact the average age of successful startup founders is 40 years old . These founders often have years of experience in more conventional industries . With the power of new technology combined with unique vision , they have become the leaders of change and progress . New York City is home to many of the world 's largest and trendiest tech companies like Facebook , Etsy , and Uber . Less known are the startups that pave the way for innovation . These ten founders over 40 continue to reimagine new frontiers and put their mark on NYC and the world . Joseph Lubin , 52 years old , is both the founder of Consensys and cofounder of Ethereum , the blockchain computing platform that 's been setting the world all abuzz in recent news . Joseph 's career has involved various posts in the fields of technology and finance and in their intersection . SP Joe was interested in getting into the digital currency space but did n't see opportunities . At the end of 2013 , he connected with Vitalik Buterin , the creator of Ethereum . Joe was impressed and saw the future with changes on the scale of internet . This is what lit the spark which created Consensys , a Brooklyn - based software studio building decentralized applications and one of the largest and fastest growing companies in blockchain . " Bitcoin is more of a currency , while Ethereum allows for a much greater flexibility in terms of development and adaption on its code , " said Lubin . Consensys has grown from four people two years ago to over 150 people today . Half of the staff does consulting for the enterprise , while the other half develops decentralized apps . Blockchain , especially with Ethereum 's lead , is a very new field that could transform almost every industry , enterprise , financial , legal , health , insurance , money transfer , marketplaces , compliance , government infrastructure , and more . SP At 46 years old , Marc Cenedella is the founder and CEO of Ladders Inc. , a company that has transformed the way job candidates and recruiters connect online . Marc is New York City born and worked as the Senior Vice President of Hot Jobs back in the days of the 90 's Web 1.0 . SP After leaving Hot Jobs in 2002 , he started his own company the following year , Ladders , with the aim of helping real professionals with the challenging job search process to come out in the high . SP " NYC creates a tremendous center of gravity and talent " Marc says . " There 's too much information to sift through and LinkedIn and Indeed are not working for higher level professionals . Ladders focuses on the higher end of the spectrum , using technology to find real opportunities for users , which leverages growth . " Ladders has become the leading professional site with over 10 million active job postings on the system and is a nationally renowned leader on job search , career management , recruiting , and business . The company has been recognized as one of the " Best Companies to Work for in New York " and the " Most Valuable Startup in New York " by Silicon Alley Insider . SP CEO and cofounder of MOSH , Elizabeth Aris , is a prime example of the New York " get it done " attitude . MOSH was founded in January 2015 with the vision of connecting brands to their customers , to engage with them and share content gathering detailed customer data , with the purpose to monetize these relationships . SP " Every industry is trying to understand how to go digital but you ca n't do that if you do n't have a platform that allows you to have an effective digital relationship with your customer , " said Aris . " So that is why we built MOSH . " Elizabeth has led two businesses of $ 700 M and $ 1B + and grown them at around 13% pa consistently for 10 quarters straight , 3x the company growth rate . Then she had the idea for MOSH with a colleague in Australia but could n't raise seed funding so she packed up everything and moved to NYC with just an idea . MOSH was originally bootstrapped before undergoing two rounds with private investors . They had to develop a network , raise capital , build the technology , launch and operate the business , all from scratch . Now , traffic to the platform has doubled for 8 months in a row , new brands are signing up and there is a wide range of content on the platform from words , pics , video of any length , live stream , podcasts , digital magazines , even VR . Alan Cutter is the self funded founder of Lions Eye Group , a startup focused on innovation in hiring . He has used technology to simplify the pre - hiring process , helping traction - less companies solve a major need in the marketplace , since hiring is too inconsistent . SP Lions Eye bridges the gap between skill set and hiring , tapping into a network that normally would n't be reachable , particularly in the startup world . " We ' ve had the privilege of placing and growing executives that drive the heart of the New York tech and advertising industries , " said Cutter . Lionseye Group partners with innovative companies across the digital native ecosystem . Search mandates span functional areas at the VP level and higher in Sales , Business Development , Marketing , Product , Human Resources , Technology , and Operations . Alex Coon , a 42 year old entrepreneur and the founder of Piper Crane , has changed the real estate industry for the better . He raised seed funds with VCs and has seen an overwhelmingly positive response , even shutting down some outreach . SP Alex is seasoned in the industry , with 16 years in the real estate business , and understands the need for order and organization for real estate agents . " The internet has disrupted traditional real estate . The industry is transforming , and has a lot of potential . What it means to be a broker is shifting , so we ' ve focused on a team based model , " said Coon . Piper Crane takes underutilized talent and energy and creates skilled support agents to serve the industry . They have supported $ 4B+ of sales and of 20K+ transactions . They have a proven track record of building tech - enabled agent support and customer satisfaction solutions . Karen Cahn , 42 years old , launched iFundWomen , a boot strapped , crowdfunding platform for women - led businesses with a pay - it- forward model in November 2016 , with a commitment to support women in their journey to raise the critical funds needed to start and grow their businesses . SP Her company partners with a diverse group of entrepreneurs that apply to be featured on the platform , offering one - on - one crowdfunding coaching and video - production services for those entrepreneurs who need a partner in helping them succeed . " I am an entrepreneur and have personally seen how crowdfunding can have a transformative impact on early stage businesses , " said Cahn . " Crowdfunding can save startups a lot of time and agony trying to figure out if their product is worth all of the self - sacrifice they are putting into it ! " There is a lot of demand for the product , so iFundWomen is currently scaling their operations to support as many entrepreneurs as possible . Karen spent most of her career in the digital and tech space having worked with AOL , YouTube , and Google , where she became aware of gender biases in the digital / tech sector . Karen 's company has been recognized in national media outlets like CNBC , Business Insider , Forbes and more . Adina Levin started Collab along with her husband Marc , with the goal of creating a micro - community that could act as a support system against the challenges of being a freelancer where people can share equipment , tools , and ideas . SP From its inception in 2009 , the bootstrapped startup has grown into a force for innovation and has also incubated companies . Collab has incubated and mentored more than 10 companies that now have a combined valuation in excess of $ 200 million , creating more than 250 new jobs . " Curate a community and connect them with fabrication equipment , a wood shop , a large open communal space to test , prototype , and assemble in , and near unlimited possibilities become achievable , " said Levin . " What we want to do now is test our theories on a larger scale . We want to create a huge imagineering factory with tools , equipment , huge open spaces to build large installations , manufacture , host groups . Literally , a place where anything we imagine doing , we can attempt . " Adina plans on building out a 40 - 50 K space with enough equipment and resources to service every aspect of the creative economy . She wants to continue to help startups , and partner with nonprofits to facilitate dynamic partnerships , combining for - profit and nonprofit initiatives and missions under one roof that can support one another as a virtuous circle . Eric Friedman , 46 years old , is the founder and CEO of eSkill , which remains the only skills testing company that lets clients easily customize skills tests to match the multiple skill requirements of a given job or training objective . Such job - tailored tests are more accurate than off - the - shelf tests , and also more legally defensible when they can be shown to be job - relevant . SP " I met my original cofounder in 2001 , a senior software architect who hired technical people from around the world to staff large IT projects . He foresaw the need for a skills testing product that could mass - customize skills tests to fit the various technical roles he had to fill quickly and accurately from large pools of candidates . " With eSkill , it 's been a long , slow climb from an unfunded startup in 2003 to where they are today . eSkill has companies such as Coca - Cola , Home Depot , ADP , the US State Dept , LG , Staples , GE , and 1 - 800-Contacts among their over 1,000 organizational clients . Eric led eSkill to this stage with virtually no outside money . Babak Pasdar , the 48 year old founder of Bat Blue Networks , is a New York - based entrepreneur . Bat Blue , founded in 2007 , delivers uniform and consistent security across all distributed organizational platforms that can just be turned on , instead of built out . This means that organizations have consistent security across all the disparate silos . SP The security options available to organizations were expensive , complex , and required too much investment in static technologies . They 're distributed across very different compute and storage silos like offices , data centers , cloud instances , and SaaS application , yet available security options were granularly silo centric . " My team and I saw this as an opportunity to address a meaningful market problem by consolidating all the disparate islands of security into a single unified platform . Initially we had to create everything from scratch , " said Pasdar . Pasdar funded his startup idea by consulting . When he had proven his platform was worthy of investment by bringing on customers like ESPN , Tumblr , SoundCloud and a host of SMBs with a few million in revenues , the VCs started to buy in . Numaan Akram , the 40 year old founder of Rally , has reinvented bus transportation . Numaan created Rally as a response to a grassroots rally in DC , and personally built a website allowing social aggregation of trips . He conceived and developed " DC Rally Bus , " which helped people self - aggregate and create trips from their town to the " Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear " ; ultimately delivering 5,000 from 50 different cities across 20 states to Washington , DC on the day of the event . SP Since then , he 's continued to develop his startup by integrating new concepts and cultivated new partnerships through consulting . Numaan believes in creating community mobility through crowdfunded transportation , since over 4,000 bus companies make up the industry and are currently underutilized . He is proud to have organized the Women 's March on Washington , having signed up 30,000 people from over 100 cities in 20 states , the largest bus event in history . SP Read more about startup founders over 40 here on Tech . Co
In an age where terms such as Artificial Intelligence , Machine Learning , Big Data , Lean , BlockChain and others are constantly being referred to , I feel compelled to think that these are little more than artificial clutches people use , many times without fully understanding them . This is a startup world which is increasingly becoming augmented but not fully real . Not being the first addressing this challenge , I do believe that some entrepreneurs are now abandoning their tech bubble , leaving a fully virtual reality that had nothing to do with the world problems and moving towards a more accurate understanding of the planet and its workings . This said , they are still being targeted by countless snippets of information that shake the grounds of reality . Why is this so ? Who perpetuates it ? There is a new economy around the startup world . A world packed with pseud specialists , inexperienced gurus , untrained coaches , throttle - less accelerators , anaemic incubators and untrained VCs . Be very careful when reaching out to any of these . This decision will probably be responsible for how well your startup will head into the future , and if 80% of startups die within 18 months and on the following 18 half of the survivors cease to exist , this means that even choosing well does not assure success . If you choose badly ... Because most of these coaches and specialists come from the tech bubble as well , they pass on information they feel is reliable and important , the same way teachers from top MBAs keep teaching the same strategies that led the market to collapse . General education and business coaching has to radically change . The world is changing at an ever growing pace and taking us to face brand new challenges in rapid succession and for which past history will not always be a good advisor for . A good coach or specialist is one who knows this . These are the ones who almost seem to be learning from you given all the questions they present . These are the ones who are focusing on adapting their experience to the changes happening before our very eyes . These are the ones who have many years of hands - on experience and understand we need to constantly ask , listening and understanding being the most important , in order to adapt to the new ever changing and non - linear reality . So , what should one have in mind when choosing them ? The accelerators : Nowadays there are many accelerators . Every city with over 10 people has an accelerator . Most of them take big chunks of equity in exchange of 2 square meters , a table , a chair , and a vague promise you will be coached ( by some local " specialist " - see below ) and have access to an incredible network of investors . After 3 months you go home poorly coached , with no investor interested and with a new venture partner ; the accelerator who will keep the 10 or 15% . It is good business , but not for startups nor founders . The specialists : People introducing themselves as specialists do so due to one simple fact ; the market does not recognise them as such . What is a specialist ? Someone who is highly professional at something ? That is being a " professional " . Is it being better than the average ? How many specialists can there be in the world ? ( revert to " accelerators " ) . Question the " specialist " about what he did in the past and results he achieved ... and double check that . The coaches : Be careful with these . One recent example I observed : An entrepreneur joined a program and a " superstar coach " walked in the room , introduced himself and , throughout 45min spoke about how to 's . How to build business models , how to do LeanStartup ... and did not ask anything about what was done in the past , which results were achieved and which test were ran . Unfortunately this happens more often than not . The result is , an absolute waste of time for the entrepreneur while the " coach " is talking to himself . The gurus : Even scarier than self - proclaimed " specialists " are the self - entitled gurus . This usually works within groups of interest . Every local market tends to have a couple of accelerators that have access to the best " specialists " , the strongest " network " and a handful of " gurus " . If a market does not have these 4 , it will not be considered a start up market . With that in mind , marketing tends to create such figures . Always do a background check on the people who will be working and advising you . The business angels : Business angels are the main catalyst in areas with small presence of VC funds , meaning , most of the world . Still , one needs to be ever watchful . Business angels tend to be expensive money . Be sure that he has more to bring to the table than just the money . A true business angel will support the development of your company and gives you access to his / her network . An entrepreneur should not shy away from requiring support . External guidance is very important - because if not for anything else , it will look at data and challenges without the heart clouding its judgement . Embrace the help of those who can really help . Do n't accept support just because . Be clear regarding what kind of external input you require and be sure you are getting it from the best . Accepting the support of someone who is not good is highly damaging and life threatening . Be as thorough choosing who you work with as the main VCs are in choosing who to invest in .
Mercedes ' at - home battery . Mercedes - Benz zMercede - Benz is taking a direct shot at Tesla 's solar push and battery business . The luxury carmaker announced on Thursday it would partner with Vivint Solar to sell a smart solar ecosystem to California residents , aiming to challenge Tesla 's new solar - roof rollout on its turf . As part of the partnership , Mercedes will introduce its at - home battery to the US market for the first time , while Vivint will provide solar - panel installation . The solar installer also is expected to provide a smart - home experience -- Vivint Solar announced a partnership with Vivint Smart Home at the Consumer Electronics Show in January that would allow the company to use sensors and artificial intelligence to manage energy loads automatically . The move is the latest in the solar industry 's progression , started by Tesla CEO Elon Musk , of rolling battery and solar installations into one process . Rechargeable batteries are necessary for storing the electricity generated by solar panels that can be used during peak grid times . But before Tesla 's acquisition of SolarCity in November , battery and solar installations were separate processes . " We see this as an evolving appetite that consumers are asking us to bring to them , " Vivint Solar CEO David Bywater told Business Insider . Mercedes ' vision of an integrated home that includes its at - home battery and electric car . Mercedes - Benz Mercedes introduced its standing battery in Germany in April 2016 , but it has since expanded to the United Kingdom and South Africa . The device , manufactured at the Mercedes subsidiary Deutsche ACCUmotive , can store 2.5 kilowatt - hours of energy but could be combined to store up to 20 kWh . The full cost , with installation , would range from under $ 5,000 to $ 13,000 for a 20 kWh system . That does compete with the price of Tesla 's battery , but there 's a catch . Tesla 's Powerwall 2 , which stores 14 kWh of energy , can cost as much as $ 11,450 including installation . Although it stores slightly less energy than Mercedes ' full system , you would need only one Powerwall unit instead of several Mercedes batteries . Those looking to save space may opt for the Powerwall 2 , which can be mounted on a wall . For reference , a US residential home used 901 kWh of electricity a month on average in 2015 , according to the US Energy Information Administration . But Boris von Bormann , CEO of Mercedes ' energy division , said there was plenty of room in the market for multiple players and that Mercedes has an edge when it comes to quality . Mercedes is " not a startup . It 's not a stock - value - driven company with some velocity behind it that can go one way or another , " von Bormann said . " It 's really a mature company that will be there -- and will be there for the foreseeable future . That way , you feel trusted and have a quality brand where you get support whenever you need it . " Tesla 's Powerwall 2. Tesla aTesl has taken some heat for its stock valuation that has matched the levels of Ford and General Motors despite selling a fraction of the vehicles . Tesla is looking to improve solar adoption by offering more aesthetically appealing solar shingles , which the company began selling this month . Both Tesla and Mercedes see at - home batteries as an extension of their electric - car plans . Musk made that much clear at his initial solar - roof unveiling , where he discussed how a solar push would allow for the full integration of Tesla products : a Powerwall that both stores solar energy and juices up your Tesla electric car . " We 're not just looking at energy storage as a pure storage play , but looking strongly at it from an electric - vehicle perspective , as well with the expansion of Daimler into EVs , " von Bormann said . For now , Mercedes will leverage its partnership with Vivint to roll out its battery in California , but it could expand to other states based on consumer interest . Mercedes says it is also interested in exploring markets like China and Australia . Get the latest Tesla stock price here .
While other 11 year old boys were firing up the latest ' Call of Duty ' game , Queenslander Taj Pabari was imagining something that would years later mould into a globally - scaling business . For those who haven't heard the name before , Taj Pabari is the founder of FiftySix Creations , a social enterprise startup focused on educating and encouraging the young innovators of the future through hands - on workshops and a built - it - yourself tablet kit . Today , FiftySix Creations reaches more than 40,000 kids in both urban and regional locations across Australia , with the business also offering its educational workshops to disadvantaged communities both domestically and internationally . Pabari was set to speak about FiftySix and the importance of creativity for kids today at the inaugural Myriad festival in Brisbane , however nature unfortunately interfered , washing out the first afternoon . Catching up with him ahead of the event , Pabari had said he was excited to speak about the importance of developing young entrepreneurs to the crowd , and took the time to discuss his personal journey toward founding FiftySix . " I was not a good kid , which is probably the best way of putting it , " Pabari laughed . " I was n't hugely academically focused or really keen on sports either . So I looked into what things that I liked doing and I found that I enjoyed changing things . " Pabari 's shift ' From Suspended Schoolboy to Teenage Entrepreneur ' - the title of a TedX talk he gave last year - and the switch from pranks to product is an interesting one . It all kicked off when the young entrepreneur decided he wanted to enter the Startup Weekend competition held on the Gold Coast at 11 . " It was five in the afternoon , straight after school . One day I just told my parents , hey can I go to the Gold Coast for this thing called Startup Weekend , " said Pabari . Pitching at the event , Pabari said he originally imagined selling built - it tablet kits at only $ 50 each . " I knew nothing about it really , just that I wanted to do it . I did n't win the Startup Weekend but I did end up raising . I also learnt a lot about manufacturing , startup a business , pitching and developing an idea , " Pabari said . Pabari continued to develop his idea throughout his schooling before officially founding the business and the ImaginTech tablet kit in 2014 , an experience which he described as " irritating " despite the fact that he " loved " it . The young founder said he would often meet with his team in the early hours of the morning to discuss the business and make operational plans for the day , then head to school for an 8 am start . Pabari said jokingly , " Going through school ended up being more like going through business with school on the side , rather than the other way around . " It taught me how to deal with people across a variety of different backgrounds and others that I maybe did n't want to be around . It was actually some of the customers my business was targeting that were really teaching me , and I think that was really powerful in understand what I was doing . " Following years of development , FiftySix 's ImaginTech entered the market as a Lego - style building kit for tablets . There are two varieties of tablet - building kits available : the ' One Kit ' is priced at $ 200 , while the advanced ' Classic ' kit comes at $ 300 with higher specifications . Both packages come with front and rear facing cameras , speakers , GPS , Wi - Fi and Bluetooth in addition to all the expected tablet - esque hardware pieces . For every tablet the business sells , Pabari said FiftySix will donate one tablet to a disadvantaged community , in an effort to promote creativity across all scopes of society . When providing tablets is n't " applicable " to a certain area , Pabari said the startup will instead conduct one of FixftySix 's workshops to help teach kids about " productivity , about building something , about business , and about social enterprise " . " We travel to regional communities , both domestically and internationally , so places like Nepal , and often reach out to a lot of Indigenous communities to provide them with opportunities too , " Pabari added . " It 's meant to be something to show them , you know what , I can build something too , and get them excited about entrepreneurship . " Since its inception , the business has conducted a number of global workshops , having partnered with big Australian tech names like MYOB to travel to rural communities in countries such as China . For those out of reach , the startup also has a " collaboration of ideas " space on its online platform , a space where kids can share their ideas with each other , collaborate , and eventually work towards commercialising them . Now graduated from high school , Pabari said he 's been hopping back - and - forth between Brisbane and New York as he looks to properly expand his business into international markets . " We 're always going to be an Australian - based company , but hey , we are a social enterprise and we could be reaching a global market and supporting kids everywhere . "
Wits University , in conjunction with MIT Sloan School of Management , has opened applications for teams interested in participating in the MIT Global Startup Labs Programme which starts in Johannesburg next month . The event runs from 24 June to 29 July at Tshimologong , Wits University 's Digital Innovation Precinct , and will provide opportunities for participants to learn and experience the process of innovating and building a tech startup . Joburg Centre of Software Engineering ( JCSE ) director and Tshimologong founder Barry Dwolatzky said in a press release to Ventureburn that applicants need to exhibit a sense of cohesion , drive , and creativity . " We are looking for teams of three to five people who either already have a startup idea , or are in the nascent stages of pursuing it already . This is a fantastic opportunity to boost entrepreneurship and technology , which is vital to the development of our local economy . " He said through the MIT curriculum , classes will cover how to create a business model and how to develop an app . Each team is required to have at least one technical team member that can code or develop app wire frames . To be accepted into the programme each team member must complete one application ( find it here ) . Once accepted , each team will receive an email confirming their acceptance . Entries close on 24 May and all successful teams will be notified by 9 June . For information on the MIT Global Startup Labs programme visit https://www. facebook k.co / mitgslsa/. For any queries email SouthAfricaGSL@gmail.com . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startup news
SP Rina Onur Contributor SP Rina Onur , is the founding partner of 500 Startups Istanbul . SP Rina Onur , is the founding partner of 500 Startups Istanbul . SP " What is happening in Turkey ? " is not a question you want to hear from friends and family abroad when you are trying to scale a business or raise funding for your startup . Having to explain the intricacies of your geography ( in addition to your own value proposition ) is also not the position you want to be in when you 're launching a VC fund . Plagued by terror attacks and distracted by volatility from within and by neighboring civil issues , Turkey has made quite a few headlines recently . These have been happening to a country that was once regarded the beacon of hope as a secular , democratic , Muslim country in the Middle East . The consecutive hands Turkey recently got dealt have pushed the country 's " normal " to an unnerving state . Two days after the coup attempt , I remember getting a text from Dave . He first asked whether I was OK and secondly what I planned to do with 500 Istanbul , a $ 15 million early - stage micro VC fund we had launched only a couple of months prior . SP I told him there were no changes in the plans and that we would move forward . We did our first close for 500 Istanbul one week after , on the 22nd of July . While people were emailing me to make sure our families were OK , I was emailing out capital call notes . It is easy to look at Turkey as an outsider and come to certain conclusions , but as a local investor , I want to think there is still upside to be garnered from a region so big , so young and so hungry for VC capital and infrastructure . What our emerging region lacks in predictability , it makes up in growth potential as an under - served landscape with serious funding gaps . What I wanted to undertake in this market is NOT a social impact mission . Yes , our capital and services are needed now more than ever , but at the same time , our relative opportunity could be no greater , given the lack of investing competition in the market . The fact that the few existing institutional VCs in Turkey mostly focus on later - stage funding opens up an incredible market opportunity for early - stage investors . This might be partly because of the preferences of the VCs investing in emerging markets , in trying to limit operational downside . As they feel they might already be exposed to a higher level of risk due to the volatilities of the region in which they operate , they often choose to invest in later - stage startups with a more mature track record . This is where 500 Istanbul comes in , to fill ( albeit partially ) the early - stage funding gap . Istanbul In this environment of early - stage investing opportunities , I categorize early - stage investment potential in Turkey into two main segments : Businesses with regional focus and audience In the past 10 years , Turkey has been relatively successful in replicating proven Western models in the local market . We have a 75 million population with an average age of 26 , who are incredibly engaged online and who have means to pay ( second highest rate of credit cards in Europe ) . I understand creating " me - too " businesses is not as glamorous of a business model , but it is a very lucrative one , given the right executive team . It is harder for foreign companies to scale in emerging markets due to constraints in localizing services , hiring local talent , contracting suppliers and negotiating with regulators . Taking a look at the examples of Gittigidiyor ( acquired by eBay for $ 215 million in 2011 ) , Markafoni ( acquired by Naspers for + $ 200 million in 2011 ) , Pozitron ( acquired by Monitise for $ 100 million in 2014 ) , Yemeksepeti ( acquired by Delivery Hero for $ 589 million in 2015 ) and Mars ( acquired by CJ - CGV for $ 800 million in 2016 ) quickly shows us how the global force could not claim the Turkish market from the local player . This is not a concept originated in Turkey ; many early success stories in SEA have also followed similar footsteps . The macroeconomic nature of the region is the main driver behind these success stories : as the market grows , the best performers grow with it . Businesses with global focus and audience 500 Startups has been particularly lucky in this arena with some of the Turkish investments they ' ve done in the past , like the unicorn Udemy ( a 500 investments ) . All of these companies were built by Turkish entrepreneurs and bridged to the U.S. , either in search of funding or global - scale growth . In fact , Udemy and Mobile Action still have significant development teams in Ankara , where the engineers can move between Turkey and San Francisco . Turkey still remains a great test market for founders to conceptualize , test and iterate their service offerings prior to expanding into the global arena . This allows for a new generation of Turkish developers , learning by doing both in Turkey and in Silicon Valley , who can later help build innovative companies themselves . The advantage of investing in these companies is the inconsequentiality of regional volatility on company performance . By investing in immigrant founders or founders who have ambition of servicing a global audience , we are also investing into the future of the Turkish tech diaspora and ecosystem . The advantage of investing in these companies is the inconsequentiality of regional volatility on company performance . Israel , as a harbor of many global tech startups like Wix , Fiverr , Waze , Playtika and Similar Web , has been a great testament to this thesis . As Israel has been home to great talent and startups , I believe Turkey has the same potential . I refuse to believe that volatility will cripple a region enough to eradicate all opportunity for innovation and investing . The people of our region are resilient , possibly because we have dealt with tumultuous dynamics for far longer than a lot of our peers in the Western world . The world just does n't stop because bad things happen . People continue to build and consume . This is why I came back to Turkey 8 years ago and why with 500 Istanbul we have invested in 15 companies in the past 6 months ( with the 5-year target of investing into another 85 ) . I am very optimistic that in the next decade there will be numerous centaurs and hopefully a few unicorns that emerge from Turkey and Turkish entrepreneurs .
startup pitches . Company : DevMountain . Headquarters : Provo , Utah . Founding team : Cahlan Sharp , Tyler Richards , and Colt Henrie . Why we like it : A boot camp ? For developers ? What 's not to like ? Well , ok , there probably are n't a load of s'mores , folk songs or fireside sitting but it 's still got ta be a whole lot more fun than anything we ' ve seen before . SP This is an industry - leading coding school that began in the heart of the Wasatch Mountains near Provo , Utah . Founded by a team of dedicated coders , DevMountain 's expert faculty are passionate about sharing their craft and empowering the next wave of programmers , entrepreneurs and designers . DevMountain offers immersive or part - time coding bootcamps , which are accelerating coding education by focusing on modern technical skills for today 's fast - paced high - tech industries . The company offers a variety of courses taught by industry professionals with years of real - world experience , from web development and user experience ( UX ) design to iOS development . The high impact , hands - on , project - based curriculum allows our alumni to build foundations to launch their careers , build their startups and achieve their goals . DevMountain infuses a passion for development and design into our community . The school was founded in 2013 initially in Provo , Utah but has quickly grown to four campuses with six - course offerings . DevMountain is the largest coding / technology school in the Intermountain West , and one of the highest rated coding schools in the country .
Slow Wi - Fi signal can leave even the calmest person ready to throw their router out the window . Here 's why your Wi - Fi signal is slow , plus we explain how to speed up your internet connection and boost your Wi - Fi strength and connectivity . SP Whether you 're a small business , a startup relying on as home broadband connection or a company with bigger connectivity needs , read on to boost your Wi - Fi connection ... SP Additional reporting from Sandro Villinger . First you ' ve got to establish the actual speed you 're receiving . To do this simply visit a speed testing site , we like Speed Test . From there click begin and it will tell you your upload and download speed . The UK average download speed was around 22.8Mbps last year . The latest Wi - Fi standard is 802.11ac . This standard and the 802.11n are the most desireable for fast connectivity . If your router is either 802.11b or 802.11 g standard a new router would definitely boost your Wi - Fi speed and provide a longer range of connectivity . If you ' ve been a loyal customer , most internet providers will send you the newest router for free but others may charge a delivery cost of around PS3-PS6 . Here 's how to check what Wi - Fi standard you 're running on : 1 . Click on the Wi - Fi shortcut ( usually found on the bottom right of PC screen ) 2 . Hover your cursor over the broadband service you are using 3 . The standard will be listed next to ' Radio Type ' The day your router is set up , it automatically detects the least crowded channel and makes that its default . However , with the arrival of new neighbors or offices nearby , the situation may change quickly . All of a sudden , one channel may be used by a handful of routers while others are deserted . There are some great tools that will help determine whether you should change Wi - Fi channel . Software like InSSIDer and NirSoft analyses the entire Wi - Fi spectrum and gives you details about your home network as well as channel usage meaning you can change to a less busy channel . Most internet providers will have step - by - step tutorials on how to do this as procedures can differ . The 2.4GHz frequency is crowded . Not just with neighbors using the same frequency , but also baby monitors , cordless phones , microwave ovens and more . Modern 802.11n and 802.11ac routers offer " dualband " , which means they 're sending two network signals ; one at 2.4GHz , and one at 5GHz , which is far less crowded and offers more channels . One drawback is that many device makers only go with the 2.4 GHz receiver . This includes all portable gaming consoles , and also a slew of smartphones . To get a speedy connection activate both networks and connect the mobile devices to the 2.4 GHz network , just enabling the 5GHz network for your laptops and desktops . Sometimes you ca n't have the luxury of choosing the 5GHz frequency band or selecting a " lonely " channel . In such cases , it may be worthwhile to limit your router to sending out signals at intervals of 20MHz . For small businesses with guest Wi - Fi , limit the guest access to 20MHz giving you and your employees a stronger signal with fewer dropouts . An easy , yet often forgotten piece of advice . Make sure that your router 's firmware is up - to - date - especially if you ' ve purchased a new one . Expect bandwidth , feature set and resiliency to signals to increase with the first few firmware updates . The latest firmware update can be downloaded from the manufacurer 's website and is relatively simple to update as most have a helpful how - to wizard . Sometimes a USB or built in wireless adapter / driver can not fully communicate with your PC or laptop and updating it could give it the push it needs to get working again . There are a few free tools to make this proccess easier such as Driver Talent which identifies the problem and offers the best downloadable update available for most operating systems . Mac operating systems can find software update solutions on the Apple website . Use a Wi - Fi heatmapping tool to measure the impact of distance , frequency changes and building structures on signal strength . Two tools that are great for this job are NetSpot for Mac and Heatmapper for Windows . Both tools allow you to track Wi - Fi coverage in your office or home . The more points you scan , the more exact your Wi - Fi heatmap . Once you 're done , you end up with a map that shows you not just the signal strength but also the throughput of your Wi - Fi network . SP Some routers are set up with their " power savings " mode on by default . The goal : save a few milliwatts . Unfortunately , this commendable approach reduced bandwidth disproportionately . If you value bandwidth over minimal power savings , check out the router 's setting and look for entries called " Transmission Power " or various Eco modes . Turn them OFF . Also , do check if your router sports some sort of " Automatic " transmission setting . You may want to turn it off and go " 100 percent " all the time . Unfortunately , the laws of physics sometimes stand in the way of proper wireless bandwidth and signal strength . The distance between your router and the wireless adapter is a more relevant factor than you might think so avoid placing it near thick brick or concrete walls . Placing the router higher up could make a difference to wireless signal . Your Wi - Fi signal can become weak if your PC is too old or too untidy . One way to boost your Wi - Fi speed is to declutter your PC and shed any unnecessary files or programmes that could be slowing it down . SP There 's plenty of software that claim to speed up your PC and make the general day - to - day running much smoother . We like AVG PC TuneUp , Avast ! Cleanup , CCleaner , and F - Secure Booster . For the best tools to clean your PC see : Eight tools that could speed up your PC . If you share your internet connection with people that like to download videos , stream TV shows or play online video games , you might want to consider setting up a few rules . You could suggest that they download content during less popular times . But if you do n't fancy any awkward confrontations , there are tools out there that will prioritise apps or programmes . This should result in the most important programmes getting bandwidth priorities . SP
Global accelerator Startupbootcamp has announced the launch of its first African - based programme in Cape Town with the aim of accelerating 10 startups from September . The announcement was made yesterday . The three - month bootcamp , backed by BNP Paribas , the RCS Group and PwC , is open to startups that focus on a number of sectors . These include : blockchain , connected devices , payment solutions , asset management , ecommerce , alternative financing , identity management , data and behavioural analytics , digital connectivity , enabling technologies and integrated supply chains . Ten successful applicants selected for the programme will each be awarded EUREUR15,000 . Selected participants will also receive free office space , convertible notes , access to funding as well as access to a network of partners and venture capital ( VC ) funds . Though there is no upfront cost for those startups that participate in the programme , the accelerator will take an eight percent equity stake in each participating businesses . The bootcamp will also bring together a network of mentors and experts from various industries -- including banking , insurance , consultancy , leasing and technology -- to help guide those startups chosen for the programme . Sam Ahmed , Startupbootcamp global public relations manager , said the programme would use a " highly " competitive application process . " All applications are evaluated based on various criteria , however , having a team , a prototype , some sort of traction are all highly desirable . Naturally , they also have to be working on tech solutions , " said Ahmed Those startups that qualify will be asked to present their ideas in a series of pitching days between May and July . Commenting on the Cape Town launch Startupbootcamp joint MD Philip Kiracofe said the African tech and digital landscape is growing exponentially . " Cape Town is one of the most vibrant and creative hubs on the continent and we are both excited and humbled to contribute by attracting global expertise here . " The Western Cape Minister of Economic Opportunities Alan Winde said Startupbootcamp 's decision to launch its African programme in Cape Town demonstrated the business confidence the programme has in the Western Cape , adding that the region has emerged as a centre for venture capital activity in South Africa . SP Startups that wish to apply for the programme must apply by 9 July and follow the application process . SP Featured image : Startup Mena via Flickr SP
After striking a last - minute deal with the three Nick Xenophon Team ( NXT ) senators on Friday evening , the government saw a number of the tax cuts for businesses proposed in its 2016 Budget passed by the Senate . A company tax cut will have companies with an annual turnover of up to $ 10 million pay tax at a rate of 27.5 percent , a reduction of 2.5 percent for the current financial year . As of the 2017 - 18 financial year the drop will be extended to companies turning over up to $ 25 million , and to those turning over up to $ 50 million in the 2018 - 19 financial year . The government 's full 10 year plan would see the lower rate applied to all corporate tax entities by the 2023 - 24 financial year , and further reduced in stages to 25 percent for all entities by the 2026 - 27 financial year . In a joint media release , Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , Treasurer Scott Morrison , and Finance Minister Matthias Cormann said , " Company tax is a tax on workers , a tax on jobs and a tax on wages ... this reform will deliver jobs and increase wages . It is an excellent outcome for Australian workers and their families . " It 's estimated that 870,000 Australian companies with a turnover of less than $ 10 million , employing 3.4 million people , will benefit from the cuts , with 10,000 more to benefit when the cuts are extended to those turning over up to $ 50 million . The cuts were agreed upon by NXT 's senators in exchange for a range of concessions around energy prices , including one - off payments to pensioners to help them pay their electricity bills . The government has also agreed to look at other measures including increasing gas supply , accelerating solar development , and an inquiry from the Productivity Commission . The cuts have had a positive reaction from the business community , with Jennifer Westacott , CEO of the Business Council of Australia , called Friday 's news an " historic step towards rebooting Australia 's international competitiveness and prosperity " . Tim Reed , CEO of MYOB , agreed , " The confirmed changes will encourage small business to invest , take on more employees and grow . It 's a good day for Australian small to medium sized businesses , their employees and the whole community . " Reed believes that , thanks to the cuts , SMEs will be encouraged to grow beyond $ 2 million in revenue . " We hope the Government is able to secure support for its ongoing programme of company tax cuts . The simple fact is that lower corporate taxes across the board would have made Australian business more internationally competitive , " he said . Westacott also warned on Sky News that the two - tier company tax system may see growing businesses look at " doing business planning for tax planning and that 's the main thing " . " You start carving off bits of your business because if we 're going to 25 per cent , it 's quite material , " she said . Looking at startups , Bane Hunter , executive chairman at GetSwift , said , the changes will help enable business growth " at the smaller end of town " . " Tax manoeuvres like this encourage international companies like us to employ more people in Australia than elsewhere . When you are paying tax in more than one country , whether it 's Australia , the US or the UK , tax cuts like this are a strong incentive to build the business more in Australia , " he said . " But ideally , a slightly more aggressive tax cut for smaller companies would be more beneficial . Small companies have the highest potential for failure , but at the same time have the highest potential for strong and sustained job creation . More importantly , they are a critical element of a well - functioning business community . " The Opposition , which has opposed tax cuts for businesses turning over more than $ 2 million , has refused to disclose whether it will repeal the cuts if it wins the next election , leading to the government and the Australian Council of Trade Unions ( ACTU ) today calling on the ALP to make its position known . The tax cuts and discussion around jobs and wages growths comes after the Opposition won support from Senate cross benchers last week to pass a bill preventing cuts to Sunday penalty rates . With the bill being introduced into the Senate , it will now head to the House of Representatives .
Craig Vodnik is the cofounder of Cleverbridge , a global subscription billing provider . Founded in 2005 , Cleverbridge has grown to 300 + employees with offices in Cologne ( Germany ) , Chicago , San Francisco and Tokyo . They have done this all without raising any outside money . At the beginning of his career in 1995 , Craig served as the Webmaster of the Chicago Tribune , where he launched its first website . Outside of Cleverbridge , Craig helps develop other entrepreneurs as a mentor at 1871 , Catapult Chicago , Junto Institute , University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign Enterpriseworks Entrepreneur - In - Residence and as a board member of Hyde Park Angels . In this episode , our talk covers a wide range of topics , including how Cleverbridge maintains their company culture with offices in different countries , why you should bootstrap for as long as you can , and when the right time to take venture capital is . Plus , we discuss why we need more risk taking entrepreneurs in Chicago , what fantasy football can teach you about business , how to go about finding and cultivating mentors , and why he decided to join Hyde Park Angels and become an angel investor . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON GOOGLE PLAY SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
The Paris - based startup Cubyn announces today a partnership with global e - commerce and internet services giant PriceMinister ( part of Rakuten group ) , allowing over 5,000 merchants in France to tap into Cubyn 's easy on - demand logistics platform . The partnership lays the foundation for Cubyn 's internationalization to new markets in Europe and globally , with a UK launch planned within the next 6 months . Cubyn offers on - demand logistics to online businesses , picking up its customers ' items on - site , packaging them and shipping them to any destination globally . Merchants can easily create tailored shipment requests on Cubyn 's platform , e - commerce module or API , and schedule a pick up within a two hour window . They can then track their order , from warehouse , to wrapping , to shipping and delivery . Adrien Fernandez - Baca , the founder and CEO of Cubyn stated : " The partnership with PriceMinister will accelerate Cubyn 's growth and help scale the business internationally . Cubyn 's vision is to allow any merchant to easily ship their products without worrying about logistics or transport , independent of their size or the type of items they sell . We 're excited to work with PriceMinister to further level the playing field for thousands of merchants in France and soon internationally . Today 's news is a huge mark of credibility for Cubyn and we ca n't wait to roll out our technology to more markets soon . " According to the young company , Cubyn has seen 300% growth year on year between 2015 and 2016 . Cubyn processed well over 200,000 shipments in 2016 , with an exponential peak in December 2016 , where the business shipped more items in a two week period than over the entire course of 2015 , proving its readiness for growth , and its ability to absorb high levels of requests . Olivier Mathiot , Co - Founder and President at PriceMinister stated : " Impeccable logistics are a key component of growth , and especially crucial to small and medium businesses . From today , thousands of PriceMinister merchants can focus on their sales and leave the logistics with Cubyn . Cubyn 's logistics is fully scalable , and they ' ve proved that they can absorb and process requests from thousands of additional merchants in France . " The on - demand logistics platform Cubyn was founded in 2014 and received EUR1.1 million in a seed funding round with 360 Capital Partners , Partech Ventures , Price Minister 's Olivier Mathiot , and Showroomprive Founder and CEO Thierry Petit in February 2016 . Cubyn picks your orders , packs them with care / love and ships them all over the world for you .
startup pitches . Company : Fellow . Headquarters : San Francisco , CA . Founding team : Jake Miller , Founder . Why we like it : Fellow makes products that are , frankly , worthy of being labelled coffee - porn . They are currently raising money in a Kickstarter for the Stagg EKG , an electric pour - over kettle " for coffee lovers " . At StartUp Beat -- we ' ve discussed it -- we would sell our own grandmothers just to get hold of one . Maybe the rest of our families , too . The team at fellow self - describe as " a handful of nerds in love with coffee and obsessed with product design " . The San Francisco based startup ( original , not , but we 'll let them off ) has released a number of frankly beautiful looking products . The first was a new take on the classic French Press , but the latest -- as featured on Product Hunt ( we up - voted immediately ) -- is a new pour over kettle that is geared up to the teeth with tech . Ok , so at $ 110 it is a * bit * pricey for a device that heats water . But then , if you love coffee , caffeine and design , you 're going to buy it . Even if you know you could put that money towards a car , house or something super sensible , like a pension . We do n't curse much on StartUp Beat but , we have to say , this is a fucking beautiful peace of kit . Firstly , it comes with a variable temperature control . Now , by turning the knob , users select their desired temperature ranging from 135degF to 212degF , and Stagg EKG does the rest . All the information is then displayed on an LCD screen . Once the temperature has been reached , it can be kept at the same temperature for up to 30 minutes . The Staff EKG+ has all of these features , yet can also let you know VIA BLUETOOTH when your water is ready for some aesthetically pleasing pour - over - action with its Brewbar Tablet App . Basically , we want one . However , with the office based in Colombia , and the fact that -- at present -- Fellow only ship in North America , it looks like we are going to be waiting a hell of a time to get our hands on one . Back to Nespresso for now .
Splend , a company which hires out cars to those wanting to join the ranks of rideshare drivers , has announced it has received backing from Investec Australia . The funding , the amount of which was not officially disclosed but pegged by the AFR as $ 2.8 million for a 10 percent stake , will go towards growing the company 's operations , with Splend looking to up benefits for members and expanding its range of vehicles . Since its launch early last year with a focus on Uber drivers , Splend reports that it has supplied vehicles to over 2000 members . As well as providing members with cars , the startup pairs them with a coach to give them tips on how to succeed on rideshare platforms . Chris King , founder and CEO of Splend , said the strategic investment came as Splend saw Investec having a strong understanding of the business and its strategy . " We saw Investec as a like - minded capital partner and trusted adviser to support our mission of helping our members become the most profitable and safest on - demand drivers on the road , " he said . David Phillips , head of Investec 's emerging companies business , said the firm was attracted to the opportunity to invest in a " new economy business which provides the platform , and the essential tools for the growing rideshare industry " . Investec has been working with a number of startups through its backing of the H2 Ventures accelerator , a fintech - focused program . The firm invested in the program last year , and earlier this year provided H2 Ventures with a $ 4 million loan , with a guarantee from the NSW Government , to help further expand the accelerator . The investment into Splend comes the number of rideshare services continues to grow as state governments around Australia begin to regulate the space ; as well as Uber , of course , which is now active across most major cities and a number of regional areas , the Australian market has GoCatch , as well as newer players Hop and female - only Shebah . On - demand drivers are also , well , in demand for growing services such as food delivery . SP Splend was first launched as King saw an opportunity to fill the gap left by Uber 's car policy , which states that cars used by drivers on its UberX service must be less than nine years old . With similar rules applying for other platforms , and rideshare passengers now coming to expect rides in newer vehicles , Splend has grown . Splend works by having members pay a joining fee and then a weekly fee to cover the cost of the car , insurance , and servicing , with members able to join on rent - to - own plans . SP There is , of course , the question of what will happen to Splend if or when autonomous vehicles make their way into the mainstream ; Uber has made no secret of the fact it sees its future as driver - free . In the meantime , however , Splend will look to expand further across Australia , with an eye on opportunities in New Zealand and North America .
Minimally invasive surgery tends to be a highly expensive procedure , but Cambridge Medical Robotics is developing a next - generation robotic system that could make it affordable and universally accessible . The startup has already successfully tested the performance of the platform on cadavers . The big plans have already attracted big backing . In July 2016 , the company raised $ 20.3 million in a Series A funding round from investors including ABB Technology Ventures , LGT Global Invest and Cambridge Innovation Capital . London - based startup Automata was founded in January 2015 to democratise robotics by lowering costs and improving usability . The company plans to use a robotics - as - a - service ( RAAS ) business model to integrate robotics into existing workflows more efficiently and to bring automation to new markets . Automata has attracted an undisclosed quantity of funding from ABB Technology Ventures ( ATV ) . Founders Mostafa El Sayed and Suryansh Chandra previously worked as lead designers at Zaha Hadid Architecture , and their first product should be a welcome one in their former profession . The low - cost , plug and play , table - top robotic arm called Eva is ideally suited for design studios , but has been developed to also work in SMEs from a myriad of other industries . University of Sheffield spin - out Consequential Robotics was established to develop companion and assistive robotic systems to enhance quality of life as people age . The first product developed by the startup is a mechanical pet with dog - like features called MiRO that is said to be " the first robot that thinks like an animal " . MiRo is controlled by technology modelled on the biological brain , and a limited number are currently available to professional researchers for PS1,900 plus tax and shipping . Iconic British designer Sebastian Conran teamed up with the university 's Professor Tony Prescott and Dr Ben Mitchinson to found the company in 2016 . The research was supported by Innovate UK and it 's received funding as part of an EU project . Ai Build wants to develop robotic technologies to support 3D printing in the built environment . The London startup was born in November 2015 and attracted PS75,000 of seed funding from Seedcamp the next year . Founder Daghan Cam envisions a future of construction in which industrial robotics and machine learning automate fabrication processes and help make large - scale 3D printing affordable . Last October the company unveiled the Daedalus Pavilion to showcase the technology 's potential . The 5 m high and 4.5 m wide structure was built using a customised KUKA robotic arm and a 3D printing gun . Bristol - based Reach Robotics is developing monster robots controlled by mobile devices to use with video games . The company has created more than thirty prototypes since it was launched in 2014 , but the first design to be released commercially is MekaMon . SP The customisable machines are designed to let players engage in combat through augmented reality gaming and are currently available from $ 275 ( PS224 ) . SP Reach Robotics has secured a disclosed total of $ 250,000 ( PS200,575 ) in seed funding so far from seven different investors . Open Bionics designs 3D - printed bionic hands for amputees using medical grade materials . The open source initiative produces devices that are easily reproduced using off - the - shelf materials and teamed up with Disney in 2015 to create a superhero - themed range of prosthetics for children . SP The company has received a total of $ 120,000 ( PS96,270 ) equity funding and $ 20,000 ( PS16,045 ) seed funding . In February it added $ 1 million ( PS802,100 ) in prize money after beating more than 1,000 other entrants to the International UAE Robotics for Good Award . The winnings will be used to push the product through the final stages of medical testing before it can be made available to everyone who needs it . Oxfordshire startup Animal Dynamics emerged as a spinout company from the Department of Zoology at Oxford University that builds bio - inspired vehicles using deep science to understand naturally - evolved designs . The team are working to develop a portfolio of products based on research into flight , swimming and walking in the natural world . The company was co - founded by biomechanics professor Dr Adrian Thomas and entrepreneur Alex Cacciain in 2015 , and has attracted seed funding from angel investors Oxford Technology and the University of Oxford Isis Fund ( UOIF ) to build and test its first products and an undisclosed amount of Series A funding . The creators of Moley Robotics claim to have designed the world 's first robotic kitchen . The automated chef is operated by a smartphone and combines the standard kitchen equipment of oven , hob and sink with the unusual addition of two dexterous robotic arms that take care of the cooking . The company has raised a total of $ 1.17 million ( PS939,000 ) in equity crowdfunding since it was founded in 2014 . A prototype of the device won the " Best of the Best " award at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Shanghai the next year , and a consumer version is set to launch sometime in 2017 , supported by an iTunes - style library of different recipes . Primo Toys are designed to help children learn , play and create with technology . Their first release is a wooden robot called Cubetto that helps teach young children how to code through tactile learning . Cubetto is placed atop a map on a floor mat and the child puts coloured blocks on a board that tell the smiling robot where to go . SP The company was founded in 2013 by Matteo Loglio and Filippo Yacob to help kids become creators of technology rather than just consumers . They ' ve attracted a total of $ 1.18 million ( PS950,000 ) in funding so far , from investors including Randi Zuckerberg , the sister of Facebook founder Mark . Cubetto is currently available to buy for $ 225 ( PS180 ) . SP London - based startup Emotech has designed what it bills as " the first personal robot with individual personality . " The deep - learning capabilities of the voice - controlled device known as " Olly " let it adapt to the personality of its user over time through daily interactions . The technology won the creators four different CES Innovation Awards in 2017 . The robotics startup was founded in August 2014 to explore ways of improving the relationships between people and technology and has already secured $ 10 million ( PS8 million ) of Series A funding from Alliance Capital and Lightning Capital , plus an undisclosed amount of angel funding . Serial entrepreneur Tom Lipinski developed Q - Bot after he uncovered a problem with laying floor insulation in older homes while working on a previous project aimed at reducing domestic energy use . Q - Bot is his solution . The tiny four - wheeled robot is inserted through an air vent armed with a 3D scanner and insulating foam to survey the underside of floorboards and apply insulation as required . Q - Bot was founded in 2012 and won best startup at the Invention and Entrepreneurship in Robotics and Automation Awards in Seattle in 2015 . The system has been trialled with clients including Camden Council and CityWest Homes , and the company claims it can save between PS200 and PS300 a year in energy bills . A total of PS2 million has been invested in Q - Bot from the EU Horizon 2020 Programme and two rounds of seed funding . Starship Technologies develops small self - driving robots designed to deliver goods locally within 30 minutes . The electric six - wheeled personal couriers drive on pavements at a pedestrian speed of four miles per hour to the location of the customer who then unlock the delivery using their personal code . The startup is headquartered in London but its engineering operations are based in Estonia . Skype co - founders Janus Friis and Ahti Heinla created the company in 2015 and have gained $ 17.2 million ( PS13.8 million ) of funding from eight investors including HOF Capital and Playfair Capital . Dr Alexander Enoch developed his idea for Robotical while working with bulky machines during his PhD in Robotics studies at the University of Edinburgh . The compact bipedal robot called Marty harnesses the power of play to teach computer skills to children by letting them reprogramme the device and customise its 3D - printed parts . The company has received funding from the the Royal Academy of Engineering 's Enterprise Hub and more than PS86,000 on a crowdfunding platform . Marty is currently available at a special pre - order price of PS99 plus shipping .
As Australia continues to house thousands of asylum seekers in offshore processing camps , a report examining the existing and potential contribution of refugee entrepreneurs to the nation 's economy and society has determined that , with the right support , refugee entrepreneurs provide significant economic benefits to Australia . The report , Refugee to Entrepreneur in Three Years , was prepared by Professor Jock Collins of the UTS Business School , who studied the workings of the pilot Ignite Small Business Startups Program run by Settlement Services International ( SSI ) . Taking off in 2013 , the program helped facilitate business creation by connecting entrepreneurs to business mentors and a team of volunteers from local businesses , councils , chambers of commerce , and others to share their business knowledge and skills . Having now wrapped up its three year pilot , the program has worked with 240 refugee clients and helped establish 66 new businesses . The report found that 68 percent of refugee graduates of the program have moved off Centrelink payments - through interviews with 35 participants , the report identified savings of almost $ 900,000 a year in Centrelink benefits - with some now paying company tax and employing others . " This success rate must be set against the substantial barriers that these refugees faced in order to appreciate its significance , " Collins said . " At first glance refugees are the most unlikely entrepreneurs . They lack capital to start up a business , they have no credit history , no assets or security . In many instances their educational qualifications are not recognised and they have no social networks . " The report also found that one in five Ignite clients are women , with women making up one in four of the Ignite clients who succeeded in setting up a business . " This is an important finding because many refugee families who arrive in Australia are single - parent families headed by a woman , " Collins said . Thirty countries were represented in the pilot program , with 87 participants coming from Iran , 34 from Iraq , and 23 from Syria . Retail businesses were the most popular created , followed by cultural and recreational services , and construction . The release of the report comes after the TechfugeesBNE hackathon at River City Labs last weekend , which saw teams work with refugees who had resettled in Queensland to come up with solutions to problems facing the community . Founded in Europe , Techfugees first came to Australia in 2015 . Taking out first prize was ' Team Hand Sanitiser ' with its idea for Springboard , an app matching refugees with industry - specific mentors to help them find work . The Springboard app is powered by an algorithm connecting a mentee 's goals , interests , and needs to a mentor 's experience , interests , and strengths to ensure compatibility . A user seeking mentorship would sign up to the app for free , while a volunteer mentor would receive verified mentor training and certification for a $ 50 fee . Hackathon judge Imtiaz Ali , who let Pakistan for Australia by boat in 2012 , said the Springboard app can help people like himself make a direct connection with a mentor who could help them through challenges to get a job . " No one will employ ' Imtiaz ' when they see my name on a job application . It 's not ' John ' or ' David ' so my chances of getting a job is very low . This is very frustrating but that is the reality , " Ali said . Winning $ 1,000 and membership at River City Labs , Team Hand Sanitiser will look to develop and make Springboard a reality . Taking second place was Team Let 's Talk , who created an accent reduction solution , while Big Box Orange took out third with a Google cardboard 3D experience for refugees .
These days , customers want to be educated and influenced through impartial input . At my consulting firm focused on finding ways to generate new clients , we ' ve moved beyond the traditional sales model . The consumer is profoundly more educated when entering a business conversation than they ' ve ever been before . However , only 27 percent of all inbound leads are actually sales qualified . This means that nearly three out of four leads are the wrong fit for a sales deal . This can happen because most of the people who take initial meetings are not final decision - makers , but are rather influencers in the buying process . There 's also often a gap in the information that influencers need to escalate the sale . These influencers do n't have all the facts , and are simply trying to streamline the process for the end - buyer . In order for us as salespeople to become the most knowledgeable source in the buyer journey , we need to be aware of what both B2C and B2B prospects already know . This includes pricing , a basic idea of what we sell , an initial idea on how they might use it , and an understanding of competing services . We also must be aware of what they want to learn . This includes the macro - level business value gained from the product , how to properly implement the product , and who we are as a vendor . Instead of talking about how your product will help a buyer 's business , identify trends surrounding the industry and the impact they have on their business . A lot of companies use internal thought leadership in their pitch , but more often than not , they forget to use relevant third party data to tie industry trends to their solutions . The Challenger Sale does a good job of explaining this kind of selling : " The ability to deliver unique insight is arguably the most powerful weapon in the Challenger 's arsenal and the biggest driver of B2B customer loyalty . " It 's what we ' ve called consultative sales for years , but it 's rarely practiced ( or practiced correctly , at least ) . Even before a prospect is presented with a product or service , they should first believe that the issues you solve are important on a macro level . This is a shift for many sales organizations who feel their jobs are to solely pitch the product , and then try to close . Over the years , I have seen that most buyers are not shopping for products that are direct replacements for something they already have . You will overlap with multiple departments and stakeholders , which requires cross - functional selling . Even if you do get your customer excited and move the deal to a certain point , what we see is that because the sales team often does n't inform the buyer involved in the process , they often do n't follow through . While it may be ideal to find a buyer champion who can help you navigate internal structure and politics , in the end , it 's the sales team 's job to help the prospect by telling them who is typically involved by job type , at what stages , and at what level . Talk about a rollout plan and what buyer company teams are required early in the sales process . Stalled deals are primarily caused by prospects not knowing who or what 's required to buy and fully implement the product . If you 're looking to sell to bigger companies , you need to realize that they have very little interest in who your VC is or where you went to school . If they 're a tech company or someone who geeks out over startups , they may care . But as you scale , the companies you partner with are already used to dealing with the big players . They want to know that you have been there and done that with similar clients . So , when you talk about who you are , mention your role in their industry , how you ' ve helped clients of their size , and how you align with their sphere of influence . You will see a large improvement in how they view and react to your sales conversation . The buyer wants to see who you really are . But more importantly , they want to see themselves in the mirror when talking about your clients . As transparency increases , sales teams will have to further adapt and focus on adding macro - level value while still being able to hold personalized conversations . Sales as we know it is changing , the pitch is evolving , and consumers are gaining more access complete information . How will you handle it ? This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
The nature of work is changing , and as more employers around the country become accustomed to the idea of outsourcing or hiring a remote worker , the opportunities for Australians living outside the business hubs in our major cities have never been greater . Aiming to help businesses tap into the wealth of expertise hidden around regional Australia is Wagga Wagga startup GoRemote , a jobs platform connecting regionally - based job seekers with employers and recruiters advertising remote roles . Like many an idea , that for GoRemote came to founder Joanna Palmer when she considered her own experiences on both sides of the problem , having been in the past a remote job seeker and an employer posting remote jobs . It came to a head late last year , when she and her partner in Agri Alliance , a business working in sponsorship and event management for the ag industry , realised they had too much work coming in to handle themselves and needed to outsource some of it . " I thought , we have all these amazing friends living in regional areas that are either not working in their field , or not working at all because they 're isolated , so could n't we outsource to them ? " Palmer said . " I had a BBQ in January and was talking about that very concept , thinking , I ' ve got all these amazing friends with these skills that are n't being utilised , and a friend said , you realise that 's an idea in itself ? I thought , I ' m too busy , I ' ve got two kids , I have another business , so I did n't want to think about it . " Her friend won out , however , convincing Palmer to take a look at Incubate at 35 Degrees , the incubator program run by Simone Eyles and Dianna Somerville at local coworking space , Working Spaces HQ . " Literally the first time I really wrote down what GoRemote was when I was writing my application for the incubator ; here we are , however many months later , and I ' m live , I ' m happening , " Palmer laughed . " I just thought about me personally ... I 've been working remotely for a corporation whose head office is in Sydney for the last three years , so I know how it works and how unreal it can be from the candidate 's point of view , so when we talked about doing it with Agri Alliance , I also knew how productive and functional it is from an employer 's point of view as well . " With this core functionality in mind , Palmer began building a basic MVP . Not coming from a tech background , she went with what she knew , creating a website on Weebly that would simply enable her to capture a candidate 's details and a job posting from employers or recruiters . Currently , a job seeker can submit their CV and personal details through the platform , with GoRemote asking for an annual subscription fee for a profile listing . Palmer calls each candidate after they register , then speaks to their referees ; after this , she creates a profile page for the candidate and puts them on file , essentially . Once a role is advertised that fits the bill , a job advert gets emailed out to everyone that fits the criteria , and they can indicate their interest . GoRemote will then send the employer the candidate 's profile package , and the employer takes it from there . " I 'd love for it be literally like a Tinder - type system , which matches you to roles based on the job parameters you indicate ... but to be honest , how it is at the moment is all I could afford to do . I ' m so new to tech , I thought that creating a platform would n't cost that much , so my ignorance as far as how much time and energy and cost is involved in tech has been a real learning curve for me and a big eye opener , " Palmer admitted . Proving that a solid service serving a real need will overcome the tech barriers , however , Palmer opened up registration two weeks ago and has received over 40 CVs from candidates from around the country , with a couple even coming from overseas - an Australian based in Quebec and another Aussie in Mexico . Contracts have also been signed with a number of employers across a variety of industries , with roles posted already including senior , six - figure salary jobs with an accounting firm , graphic and web design jobs , and postings for remote nurses for a company that conducts house calls and checkups in workplaces . " It 's not for everyone , and it 's not for every industry , but if you ' ve got CEOs and HR managers that are thinking outside the square , then you 're not restricted anymore to hiring someone that lives in your city or is willing to move there , and that 's unreal , " Palmer said . Palmer 's goal for the platform is for it to become another key avenue for recruiters in particular to find candidates . " I 'd love it if they 're sitting in a meeting with a corporate and they say , this can be done remotely , let 's put it on GoRemote and see who comes out . I think that will drive huge change if they 're planting the seed with the employers at the recruitment level , " she said . With paying customers on board , Palmer is now looking at how to further develop the platform 's backend . " I ' ve steered away from investment in my head . I think , if I ' m patient enough , in a short amount of time I 'll be able to get the money to be able to build it myself and there 's no strings then , if I want to sell it , I can sell it , " she said . Palmer also does n't want to be beholden to investors ; with her husband a rugby player , she said if he signs a playing contract overseas , she wants to be able to pack the family up to fly and keep her business running herself at the same time - which , after all , is what GoRemote is all about . " I love the flexibility of being able to work remotely and realistically , if we move overseas , I can just do this anyway . It 's more a portability of lifestyle that I ' m after , something family - friendly ... I 've got two little girls , and my husband works from home as well , he 's changed as many nappies as me and he hasn't missed any first steps , and I love that this company gives that opportunity to people . It 's huge . "
Philip Tadros is a true serial entrepreneur and restauranteur . He is the founder of Doejo , a digital agency , Dollop Coffee , a cafe and bakery , Bow Truss Coffee , a coffee roastery and cafe , The Budlong , a hot chicken restaurant chain , SPACE , a coworking space , and Aquanaut Brewing , a craft brewery . He opened his first coffee shop at 19 after dropping out of college and now runs the largest network of independently owned coffee shops in Chicago . SP Crain 's recently ran a special report questioning some of Phil 's business practices titled One of Chicago 's Most Connected Entrepreneurs has Made More Than a Few Enemies . We dive into what really happened in the second half of this episode and what he 's learned from the experience . In this episode , we touch on a wide range of topics , including how Phil got his start as an entrepreneur after dropping out of college , the differences between the beer and coffee community , and how he differentiates himself in the competitive food industry . Plus , we 'll hear about Phil 's side of the story on the Crain 's special report , what he 's learned from the experience , and how he and his team handled the bad press . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON GOOGLE PLAY SP This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Ventureburn had the opportunity to attend the first Startup Grind Cape Town event of 2017 , which featured David Campey and Roger Norton . The pair are co - founders of Lean Iterator , which is an organisation that supports startups . We sifted through everything and found the three most interesting points from the pair . The master of ceremonies , Guillaume De Smedt , asked the pair how to define a startup . Norton started off by quoting serial entrepreneur Steve Blank : " A startup is a temporary organisation used to search for a repeatable and scalable business model . " Campey summarised this by saying that it [ a startup ] " can be building tech and all of these things , but really it is a search for a business model , which has a customer , a problem , and a solution , and a way of scaling " . Norton defined the likes of corner shops as small businesses and not startups , but added there 's nothing wrong with a small business at all . " A startup , specifically , is trying to do something unknown , trying to do something new , trying to do something innovative . " " The Lean Iterator is a process to help entrepreneurs ( find ) what they need to do next . And to guide them through what they need to validate next in their business , " Norton explained , elaborating further on this aspect . " The fundamental job of a startup is to reduce risk and the reason we want to reduce risk is that it increases the evaluation . The only way to reduce risk is through validation . " Campey likened startups and what Lean Iterator does to the Super Mario Bros. video game . " You start , you jump , and then you die . That 's how Mario goes . Our goal is to teach people that you die , you get an extra life to try again and how to play the game as an entrepreneur and how to beat the game as the community and investors behind it . " He said it 's not easy , because the game becomes harder and the Princess is always in another castle . The organisation also gives startups a set of international ( and working ) tools and guides on what they should be focusing on next . One of the ways Campey and Norton help startups is to convince them that they do n't need technology , at least in the beginning . " We ' ve developed this data process , the anti - sales process of telling entrepreneurs why you 're not ready to build technology , " says Norton . " It does n't really make sense when your core business is selling software and you spend most of your days telling people why they should n't be selling software , " he continued . Campey says that people really have to be convinced of this and Norton adds that people come to him and ask for the next Facebook to be built . " Technology does n't make the business , " says Norton . " The business model needs to work , regardless of the technology . The technology helps that scale , " which Norton adds is the hardest part .
If you paid even the slightest attention to tech media and conferences in 2016 , you heard how the Internet of Things ( IoT ) is the next big thing . While there 's hype surrounding the tremendous opportunity the IoT offers , there are still hazards that have yet to be properly addressed . The biggest concern -- safety -- is a thorny topic with which enterprises are still grappling . For example , 2016 's DDoS attack on Dyn that took down several major websites such as Twitter was caused by a bot army of unsecured IoT devices . This attack is only the tip of the iceberg , and in 2017 we should expect more of the same , but websites and companies wo n't be the only targets . Unless manufacturers and users of connected devices get serious about security , we will see these attacks evolve this year . I believe that there 's a significant chance these attacks could extend to major government institutions and hospitals . According to a study from HP , 70 percent of IoT devices are currently vulnerable to an attack . While both manufacturers and their customers are certainly working to reduce that , a significant number of IoT devices will still be unprotected in 2017 . Additionally , Gartner predicts over 20 billion IoT devices by 2020 . Let 's say that in the next three years the number of secure IoT devices doubles , which means that only 40 percent will be insecure . According to Gartner 's estimate that means a total of 8 billion devices by then that are free to be enlisted in a hacker 's arsenal : roughly equivalent to the population of the Earth . That security risk is beyond anything we ' ve currently seen in the realm of cybersecurity . The risk is n't necessarily coming from the sophistication of attacks but poor security practices of IoT users . Bad practices such as using the default usernames and passwords that are supposed to be used only for setup and then changed , are making it easy for attackers to take those devices and using them as botnets . Companies are n't doing much to stop this or other potential sources of breaches . A study showed over 90 percent of corporate executives said they can not read a cybersecurity report and are not prepared to handle a major attack and a stunning 98 percent of the most vulnerable executives have little confidence that their firms constantly monitor devices and users on their systems . It 's clear that most C - Suite executives do n't give cybersecurity enough consideration . Even more chilling news came from a report back in April , which ranked the U.S. government ( including federal , state and local agencies ) as having the worst cybersecurity protocols compared to 17 major private industries , including transportation , retail and health care . As these agencies face pressure to virtualize , move to the cloud and embrace connected devices , this lack of security will leave them greatly exposed . I believe that as a result of these vulnerabilities , there is a 50/50 chance that a significant cyber warfare attack is instrumented against the U.S. government , the U.S. military , U.S. critical infrastructure or the U.S. banking infrastructure . This organization will be ill - prepared and vulnerable ; it is also likely that the attack wo n't originate on IoT devices owned by the government but instead will come from the outside . Government infrastructure wo n't be the only new source of an attack that reaches tomorrow 's headlines . I also predict that a major hospital will face a HIPAA violation for using an unsecured smart medical device . Hospitals have a lot to gain from deploying the IoT for crucial data / insights to improve patient care , but so do hackers . They 're already targeting connected MRI machines , CT scanners and dialysis pumps to steal patient medical data , which is worth more than twice as much as financial information on the black market . While the FDA already recognizes that cybersecurity / HIPAA compliance is an important issue , it is not certain they get practices ready in time to prevent a major breach . And more important than data , there 's an ever - increasing chance that an IoT attack will put lives at risk if it can cause a shutdown of needed medical services . How will hospitals fight back ? The best prepared ones will do so by adopting improved security practices such as : password management , policies to ensure all devices are up to date / passwords get changed , network segmentation , software - defined network overlays with security built in and improved data management policies . Vital to ensuring that these practices get used successfully will be administrators that make them part of the hospital 's workplace culture . My advice for entrepreneurs and startups is to make IoT security a serious and valued part of company culture . Bake it in while the company is still young and there 's no complacency from " doing things the way we ' ve always done them . " Furthermore , do not make it solely the IT department 's responsibility to keep enterprise data safe . Every member of the organization needs to help take responsibility , follow security procedures to the letter and be vigilant for signs of danger . The good news is that there are security solutions out there to help , even with technology as nascent as the IoT. There is also a great deal of advice on the best practices to put in place , from a variety of experts and trusted sources . As Gartner cautioned at last year 's ITxpo , developing best practices can only prepare you for threats that are already known . Only innovation can prepare you for tomorrow 's threats that have yet to be discovered . A combination of advanced software and a strong internal culture will create a cybersecurity defense ready to take on potential attacks . Richard Conklin is a seasoned computer networking , switching and security expert with over 25 years of experience . He has 11 granted and several pending patents and specializes in developing and advancing innovative technologies . Past ...
Despite living in one one of the warmest countries on earth , Australians still love to complain about the cold when it start to creep below 20 degrees . While a Canadian might walk around in a t - shirt on a 14 degree day , Aussies are stacking up electricity bills by sitting in front of the TV , encircling ourselves with six fan heaters . Looking to help Australians save on their growing winter electricity bills is Reposit Power , a Canberra - based startup offering a device which allows homeowners to store energy from their solar panels on a battery and sell it back to their electricity provider for " GridCredits " . Once it hits the billing period , a homeowner will receive a discount on their electricity bill based on how many GridCredits they ' ve accumulated . Users are also empowered with the ability to make a ' profit ' if they accumulate GridCredits worth more than their electricity bill , in which the electricity provider will decide to either pay the homeowner the difference or carry the credits over onto the next bill . For the startup 's cofounders Lachlan Blackhall and Dean Spaccavento , the concept was imagined back in 2011 , a time before Elon Musk 's battery ideas were flooding the media and battery storage technologies were widely available . " In 2011 and 2012 there was n't much battery storage technology in the market , so we estimated that they 'd be available in the next few years . Our estimate was right , so it was good timing , " said Spaccavento . With experience in software and electricity , Spaccavento helped conceive the economics of what would become the Reposit Power system , before both cofounders looked for a way to control the battery storage to try and get the most out of it as possible , while factoring in the fluctuating electricity market . " The electricity market works by providing opportunities for cheap buying of electricity and cheap consumption , and likewise expensive times to buy and consume , based on a number of factors , " Spaccavento explained . Supported by a combination of government grants , seed funding and a scaling round , the result was an ' Internet of Energy ' ( IoE ) device that automates the entire storage and sell - back process for the user . To ensure homeowners can capitalise on the varying energy market costs , Reposit Power intelligently calculates the best time to hold and send electricity based on factors such as weather , wholesale markets , network conditions , and temperature . " You can consider it like a stockbroker for your power , " said Spaccavento . " A homeowner does n't have the time in the day to select when to charge or discharge the battery , [ so ] it tries to find the best time to store and send off power . " Homeowners , can , however , view a number of details about their IoE device and solar panel through the Reposit Power app and web platform , to allow them " visibility " into how the device is working and see how much money they 're saving . The platform will detail how many GridCredits have been accumulated , and show how much cash they 'll save on their next electricity bill as well as altogether with the device . The Reposit Power app also " predicts " the lowest - cost times for a homeowner to use their device , based on similar information used to calculate the energy sell times . These predictions , according to Spaccavento , will allow homeowners a chance to plan when they 'll use home devices and appliances ahead of times to help them save . " It 'll inform you when to turn your high energy devices on , based on things like the time of the day where the energy costs vary . Through a push notification it will specify which time of day you should aim for . You 'll also get push notifications when your battery is participating in the grid , " he added . The physical IoE device is a small white box which attaches to a homeowner 's powerbox that is connected to the internet , solar grid and a battery for storage . Batteries are n't supplied by Reposit Power , and are instead purchased from a participating solar company who will install the battery , alongside the IoE device , into a home electricity grid . Spaccavento said the business is currently partnered with a number of Australian and international solar companies who install the device and integrate it with their brand 's solar panels . " You can install reposit power anytime , although you 'll need to be plugged into a compatible energy provider that will buy energy off you and allow you to save on your power bill , " he said . Also partnering with Australian energy providers to allow homeowners to sell electricity back to the grid is Redback Technologies . The startup offers a IoE device that stores electricity from a home solar panel onto a battery , giving its users the additional option to store the energy for reuse . Another local startup focusing on energy storage for reuse is Adelaide 's ZEN , which offers a storage device designed to reduce energy bills , while Sydney 's Wattwatchers yesterday announced it has raised $ 2 million in funding to further develop its Auditor IoE product . Auditor works by attaching to a home power box and monitoring the in and out - coming power . Data supplied from the device is then able to inform homeowners what devices are sucking up the most power , thus helping them to take action to reduce power bills and the chance of blackouts . Including Reposit Power , these IoE startups are focused on targeting homeowners , a direction which Spaccavento says is n't to isolate businesses wanting to use the technology , but rather a way of following the direction of the market . " We 're marketing to homeowners because that 's where all the innovation happens in the electricity , " he said . Moving forward , the business will look to position themselves as the prominent electricity storage business in Australia and globally using their " sophisticated , control - system focused " technology .
Apple CEO Tim Cook . Steve Kovach / Tech InsiderSeveral major tech companies have killed off their Apple Watch apps , according to Apple Insider . Google , Amazon , and eBay reportedly removed support for their standalone Apple Watch apps in software updates rolled out at the end of April . Amazon and Ebay pulled their main shopping apps , while Google killed off its Google Maps app . None of the companies announced they were pulling the WatchOS apps in their iOS software update release notes and the removals have gone largely unnoticed , suggesting they were n't widely used . Apple remains committed to the Apple Watch but it has struggled to convince people that they need to buy one . Official sales figures for the device are n't available , but analysts estimate that they 're increasingly disappointing . Last October , analysts at IDC estimated that Apple shipped 1.1 million Apple Watches in the third quarter of 2016 , which was down 71.6% from the year - ago period . Apple is n't the only company struggling to sell wearable devices . Google 's Android Wear smartwatches , which are made by an array of manufacturers , are also struggling to take off . Google had to delay the next version of Wear until 2017 , and several partners have abandoned their plans to make new Android smartwatches this year . Motorola even said it halted its smartwatch plans indefinitely . And , Pebble , the startup largely responsible for juicing interest in smartwatches back in 2012 , sold itself to Fitbit for basically nothing last December . Its future products were cancelled , and support for current products will end soon . Interestingly , Google reportedly told Apple Insider it plans to add Apple Watch support for its Google Maps app again in the future . .@ Google comment on @ Apple Watch : " We removed Apple Watch support from our latest iOS release but expect to support it again in the future " A number of other companies have also killed off their Apple Watch app , including US retailer Target , according to Apple Insider . Disclosure : Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions .
Record - high temperatures were seen in NSW over the weekend , creating conditions described as " catastrophic " for firefighters as over 90 bushfires raged around the state . All this came just a few days after Treasurer Scott Morrison brought into Parliament last week a lump of coal . With this , it seems fitting that EnergyLab , Australia 's first accelerator program focused on developing the renewable and advanced energy sector in NSW , should launch this week . With $ 120,000 in funding from state government body Jobs for NSW , the EnergyLab accelerator is a 12 month program developed with Climate - KIC Australia aiming to help startups with new products or services become market - ready . To be housed at the Blackfriars School House at the University of Technology Sydney 's Chippendale campus , the program will give startups $ 50,000 in seed funding . Eight startups will take part in the program over the next year , in two intakes . John Barilaro , Deputy Premier of NSW , said the development of renewable and advanced energy will help drive the creation of new businesses and jobs for the future . " The energy industry is changing rapidly providing a huge opportunity for research , new technologies , businesses and jobs in renewable and advanced technology , " he said . " The International Renewable Energy Agency estimates jobs in the cleantech sector could reach 24 million globally by 2030 , up from 8.1 million currently , and we want NSW in on this industry growth . " Piers Grove , cofounder and executive director of EnergyLab , added , " This is an exciting step up for the cleantech startup community in Sydney . Being able to offer industry specific support in this vibrant community will help position Sydney as a go - to market for innovation and opportunity . " With the Jobs for NSW grant to enable the fit - out of the coworking space and first - year operation costs of the accelerator , EnergyLab will have capacity for up to 60 people ; according to Jobs for NSW , it has been set a target to create up to 76 direct jobs each year in the cleantech sector . This will come with the expertise of Climate - KIC , a public - private partnership launched in Europe in 2010 as one of three Knowledge and Innovation Communities ( KICs ) by the European Institute of Innovation and Technology . The network helps to create new partnerships across research , business , and technology to help push cleantech innovation . 170 startups in the Climate - KIC network have raised a collective EUR189 M in external funding between 2012 and 2015 . Christopher Lee , CEO of Climate - KIC Australia , said the organisation brings " a European experience to the table " but looks forward to offering a program that is " distinctly Australian and relevant in an Asian context " with EnergyLab . The launch of EnergyLab comes a few weeks after New Zealand startup agency CreativeHQ announced Lightning Lab Electric , an accelerator program focused on businesses working across the areas of electricity and sustainable energy . The 12 week accelerator will follow on from an Innovation Challenge looking for ideas , prototypes , and developed products relating to the sector , split across the tracks of consumer solutions , network solutions , and the future grid . You can learn more about EnergyLab here . The program is set to kick off in April .
Eight early - stage social technology projects have received financial backing from Nominet Trust 's Social Tech Seed funding programme . A total of PS374,736 has been awarded from the fund , which supports projects tackling issues such as environment and sustainability , the justice system , education , employment and medicine . To date , it has supported 40 organisations through six cohorts . The ventures will use the grant and support package to help develop digital technology solutions that improve the lives of others and tackle social challenges . The eight operations are : Vicki Hearn , director of Nominet Trust , said : " The UK has a burgeoning social tech sector , but access to funding for start - ups at the very early stages of their development remains limited - yet this is crucial to enable social innovators to test their ideas and unlock the potential of digital tech to improve lives . " Nominet Trust is proud to support these eight new ventures via our Social Tech Seed programme , which has been hugely successful in kick - starting dozens of similarly exciting new projects . We 're looking forward to seeing how they develop . " SP
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Entrepreneurs and startups are always reimagining industries and changing the ways businesses operate . The industries ripest for disruption ? Those that haven't seen any significant technological or content innovation in their recent history . SP With innovation tied mostly to new franchises rather than new types of toys , the toy industry is one of those industries ready for a significant upgrade . Sales have been declining in recent years due to the dominance of digital technology in everyday life . Yet the industry remains a powerhouse , with immense potential , evidenced by data from Statista , which shows that the U.S. toy market is worth $ 21.18 billion . A growing movement called toys - to - life is the likely vehicle for disruption in both toys and gaming . Toys - to - life is a new genre of video games that uses physical figurines or action figures to interact within the game . A collection of brands active in this space have made toys and other objects with near - field communication ( NFC ) technology , which enables their use with console and mobile - gaming experiences . Kicked off by the Activision and Toys for Bob partnership on Skylanders in 2011 , the toys - to - life movement has seen rapid growth , with big names like Nintendo and LEGO jumping in . Tech brands , then , are recognizing the potential the toy industry has and creating innovative product offerings , which may be exactly what the industry needs to resurrect previously successful franchises and increase revenue . Jia Shen , CEO of PowerCore , a company that helps develop toys - to - life solutions , is working with toy giant Mattel and Animoca Brands to do exactly that . " We worked closely with Mattel and Animoca Brands to incorporate our toy - to - life digital activation platform into the latest version of He - Man Tappers of Grayskull , " Shen explained . " To kick off the integration , we produced a series of five NFC - enabled He - Man character cards , each featuring one of five fan character favorites . " By creating collectibles that help enhance game play , Mattel , PowerCore and Animoca Brands are making the mobile experience more engaging and giving the physical toys involved a purpose . Many toy veterans have struggled to innovate on a large scale , which is why the opportunity for startups is so great . Lean , creative startups in both the toy and gaming space can partner with more established brands to help them innovate while leveraging their existing distribution network and marketing resources to help grow the franchise . The reason why toys - to - life has been successful is that it bridges the divide between children 's early toy - collecting years and the increasingly younger age at which they start to play with digital games . This digital divide was a part of the initial decline in the toy market , but by creating collectibles that are a part of game play , the industry has successfully created a transitional product for those that are beginning to make the switch to digital . At this year 's Designer Con in Pasadena , whole sessions were devoted to how 3D printing can be used to create new toy designs . McKinsey estimates that the impact 3D printing will have on consumer products like toys could be as high as $ 100 billion to $ 300 billion . PowerCore was one of the chief sponsors of DesignerCon and , at that event , created a live scavenger hunt through the PuzzleCore app to demonstrate how gaming can be used to enhance all kinds of events . 3D printing benefits the industry in two ways . The first is that it 's making it easier for entrepreneurs in this space to gain a piece of the market . The second is that 3D printing creates opportunities for consumers to customize their toy experience . Imagine a kid at home , adding custom color or accessories to a template provided by a toy designer or a game , then having it printed and sent to his or her home for immediate use . Companies can leverage consumers ' creativity to help create buy - in and brand loyalty . While toys - to - life is driving innovative changes in gaming , the industry is also experiencing some significant growth in other sectors . Augmented reality mobile games and the advent of easy - to - use virtual reality headsets is changing the way consumers interact with gaming experiences . Both are emerging trends that have yet to be fully realized , so it remains to be seen how they will all interact . But it is fair to assume that industry leaders will try to leverage each of these movements to drive growth in the coming years . The toys - to - life market has plenty of room to grow . With long - term revenue projected to rise to $ 8.8 billion by 2020 , new brands have the potential to break into a previously saturated market . Before entering into this competitive industry , however , business owners should consider what partnerships may help them launch their brands into viral hits . In this space driven entirely by consumer preference , newcomers will be tasked with creating unique toys , exciting gaming experiences and seamless digital activation , in order to survive . Shen recommends , " The key is seamlessly integrating games into everyday life . In doing som they become a natural lens through which you experience real life . " Companies that leverage the toys - to - life genre to create games that are intertwined with everyday life stand to experience significant growth in 2017 . Sheila Eugenio is the founder and CEO of Media Mentions , a leading PR and digital marketing agency . Before founding Media Mentions , Eugenio has consulted with several mediums to large businesses on how to position their brand and ...
Startup Genome 's recent 150-page report , the Global Startup Ecosystem Report and Ranking 2017 , incorporates research from 10,000 startups and 300 partner companies . It also highlights a major concern in the tech and startup world : Geographic centralization which is leading to increasing inequality . What the report does n't give is an easy solution . But it points to way to the principles that could help : a cultural shift away from centralizing the entire industry . Here 's the relevant overview paragraph from the new research report : " Rapid technological change is today creating three economic challenges . We see divergence between geographic regions driven by technology . We see concentration of startups and their value . And we see growing inequality among different types of workers because of that concentration . At a high level , these gaps are not new . But the expansion of the tech sector -- and its infiltration of other sectors -- is exacerbating them . Only strong startup ecosystems can ensure wider participation and benefits , and all regions must urgently take up this task . " The report , which you can read in its entirety , does into additional detail on the matter , noting that cities like San Francisco , New York City , or Boston have outpaced others , and tying this to the sluggish economic growth since the 2009 recession . The result : " Five ecosystems ( Silicon Valley , New York City , Beijing , Seattle , and Shanghai ) account for 49 percent of the market value of these dominant public companies . " " Delocation " is the buzzword that attempts to solve this issue : It 's a play on " relocation , " and it means exactly what you think it does . Startup Zapier recently published a blog post covering their commitment to delocation : As a one hundred percent remote team , they ' ve decided to offer funds to new hires who are hoping to move away from the Bay area . Here 's the info : " So if you 're living in the Bay Area but thinking about making a change that will improve your family 's standard of living , we 're eager to help . Zapier will provide up to $ 10,000 to help relocate you and your family to your new home outside the Bay Area . If you ' ve been thinking about making a move , apply to any of the open roles . We 'll go through the hiring process together and if it seems like you like Zapier and you ' ve demonstrated the necessary skills for us to make an offer , we 'll help set you up with the relocation package as part of it . " But this approach will only solve the overarching centralization problem if major companies follow suit -- which they 're definitely not . Amazon , one of the biggest draws for tech employees , is rapidly expanding , adding thousands of employees to its Seattle offices , while several California - based companies , Uber and Airbnb , have IPOs on the horizon . Expect the problem to get a lot worse before it gets better .
Loyalty Prime , a leading SaaS ( Software - as - a - Service ) loyalty platform provider , just closed a EUR1.5 million Series A funding round with Senovo , Unternehmertum Venture Capital ( UVC ) and angel investor Alexander Bruehl . The Munich - based startup will use the fresh capital to rapidly grow the business across Europe , North America and Asia . Founded in 2014 , the loyalty cloud platform serves clients worldwide to run leading loyalty programs in different industries . Loyalty Prime enables its customers to do much more than a simple earn and redemption processes . It provides all necessary business rules and maximum flexibility for managing high performing loyalty programs . Multiple APIs provide ease of integration to front - end channels , campaign management and other IT systems . Spearheaded by its two founders - Christoph Straub ( based in Munich ) and Kunal Mohiuddin ( based in New Delhi ) - , Loyalty Prime has been able to win several large projects in a short amount of time including . The startup also won the award for the Best B2B Loyalty Program at the prestigious Loyalty Awards in 2015 . Loyalty Prime is the first of its kind cloud - based loyalty solution , which delivers enterprise class functionality to small , medium and enterprise clients , such as Fraport AG , TRW ZF , Preferred Hotels & Resorts to name a few .
Startup founders looking for an opportunity to be exposed on national radio and to be coached by well - known talkshow host and entrepreneur , Pavlo Phitidis should apply now . Phitidis runs the business accelerator programme every Thursday on 702 and Cape Talk with Nedbank . The aim of the Business Accelerator programme is to talk about businesses on air and make listeners aware of them , as well as help accelerate their growth in 2017 . The programme is looking for companies that make a difference to consumers , operate in SA , and have an annual turnover of less than R150-million . Every week Phitidis , who runs Aurik Business Accelerator , brings on 30 businesses drawn from Johannesburg and Cape Town . He says he aims to run a specific show during the week of 19 June to discuss the results of 420 case studies of startups that have passed through the programme . He plans to run another update of the programme in the week of 25 September . To apply for the programme , companies are required to be part of a CC or Pty , have been trading for more than three years , and changing the lives of consumers . Those wanting to apply can do so here . Remember to select Ventureburn when asked where you heard about the Business Accelerator programme . Featured image : Alan Levine via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resize ) .
Ask any entrepreneur and they 'll tell you the same thing : living the startup life is n't easy . Between the long nights , the stressful days , and the constant search for capital , starting a business is a lot harder than some people make it look . Fortunately , there are people and organizations in the world willing to help out in meaningful ways . And JPMorgan Chase is apparently one of those organizations . After kicking off Phoenix Startup Week , JPMorgan Chase announced that they would be providing $ 925,000 in philanthropic grants to non - profit organizations that provide programs to assist entrepreneurs that are underrepresented in their respective fields . While providing everything from training to technical assistance , these programs are doing their part to transform the entrepreneurial vision one micro - loan at a time . " We 're thrilled to return as title sponsor of Phoenix Startup Week for the third year , and excited to announce almost $ 1 million in grants to support nonprofits that assist underserved entrepreneurs , including women and minority small businesses , throughout Arizona , " said Curtis Reed , region manager for Chase 's Middle Market banking in Arizona . Chase 's involvement in the startup world is undeniable . With dozens of Startup Weeks under their belt , Chase has contributed to the success of thousands of startups through advice , support , and investment . And the organizations they are investing in now are definitely worth the capital . " We are committed to helping startups and entrepreneurs achieve their goals , " said Reed . " So I encourage you to work with these organizations , seek them out so that you can get the resources that you need . " Recipients honored at PHX Startup Week If you 're interested in learning more about the non - profits receiving these grants , take a look at them below and head on over to Phoenix Startup Week today : Accion - $ 125,000 to support outreach and small business development services throughout Arizona to underserved entrepreneurs who desire self - sufficiency but face barriers in qualifying for loans through traditional credit avenues . Arizona Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Foundation - $ 100,000 to support programs providing training and technical assistance for underserved entrepreneurs . ASU Foundation " Prepped " Program - $ 145,000 for " Prepped , " a community program that works with new and existing underserved mobile food entrepreneurs to help them advance their businesses . Chicanos Por La Causa 's subsidiary Prestamos - $ 150,000 to support lending programs for underserved entrepreneurs . Nogales Community Development Corporation - $ 100,000 to support its Business Loan Program , which facilitates neighborhood - based commerce by providing credit and related services to business owners in the underserved markets of Nogales , Ariz. , and Santa Cruz County , Ariz. Northern Arizona Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology ( NACET ) - $ 100,000 to this organization , based in Flagstaff , Ariz. , to support its programs for underserved entrepreneurs . SEED SPOT - $ 105,000 for programs to provide training and technical assistance to underserved entrepreneurs . University of Arizona Foundation - Eller Economic Development - $ 100,000 to support community programs for training and technical assistance for underserved entrepreneurs in Tucson . This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESSis everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series .
Publicize , the PR startup that is revolutionizing the way that startups and small businesses approach their relationship with the media , has introduced a new platform that will further its goal . The company 's head of product , Xander Kahle , explained , " Publicize OS is the technological backbone for Publicize operations . We intend to develop this into the world 's most advanced PR Client Management platform , and the release of Version 1.0 is a big step in that direction . " Publicize OS will allow us to make more - informed , better decisions via our new data - driven infrastructure , " he continued . " The platform will automate repetitive processes that team members have performed manually until now , thereby saving time and energy that can be channeled into more creative , higher - impact activities . This will make it possible to manage more clients and deliver a higher quality service . " The new platform will include a metrics center for monitoring key areas of performance , a campaign management tool to keep track of client campaigns and manage workflow , and will remove Publicize 's use of platform Kanban Flow . Other features include a " robust " OS Helper to provide the Publicize team with timely alerts and reminders , as well as a new ' Special Pitches ' campaign that will help clients get the most out of the media . Kahle said , " Ultimately we aim to develop Publicize OS into the world 's most advanced PR Client Management platform . We plan on evolving this product into a proprietary PR SaaS platform that can be licensed or sold to other businesses . " Publicize CEO and founder , Conrad Egusa -- a former VentureBeat writer -- added , " We look at Publicize OS as the technological backbone for Publicize 's operations , and potentially other businesses in the future . " It will open a lot of doors for our team to integrate Machine Learning , AI and more . This is something our team is going to be investing a lot of resources into . " SP
Wrench says its mechanics serviced more than 1,000 cars during a test run this summer . ( Via Wrench ) SP Investors like what they see in Wrench . The Seattle - based on - site car repair startup today announced a $ 4 million Series A round led by Madrona Venture Group , which previously co - led the company 's $ 1.2 million seed round last year . Angel investors like super angel Rudy Gadre ; TravelBank co - founder Ching - Ho Fung ; former Dwellable CEO Kirby Winfield ; Versium founder Kevin Marcus ; and angel group Vashon Partners also participated . Wrench will use the fresh cash to hire mechanics , fuel marketing programs , and expand its presence on the west coast . The 1-year - old company currently operates in Seattle ; Phoenix ; San Diego ; and Portland . Much like Uber brings you a ride and GrubHub brings you food , Wrench brings you a car mechanic . Using its website or smartphone app , customers can input work they need done on their vehicle and when and where they would like mechanics to go . Anything from an office parking lot to a downtown parking garage to a customer 's driveway is fair game , though Wrench will not work on cars parked on the street for safety reasons . A certified mechanic with at least five years of experience will perform work at a customer 's home or office , with upfront fixed price quotes . Wrench says it can do more than 80 percent of all car repair and maintenance work that can be done outside of a shop . Much like Uber or Lyft , tips are n't required . Examples of jobs include replacing brake pads ; fixing an ignition problem ; diagnosing exhaust issues ; and more . The company initially limited its services to oil changes , tune - ups and basic brake repair , but high demand led Wrench to expand services to cover almost anything that a shop or dealership would provide . " Wrench continues to invest in its technology , which provides a huge advantage in this industry , and the hiring of the highest quality mechanics , " Wrench CEO Ed Petersen told GeekWire . Wrench , which employs 30 people , will also add new services for customers and ink more partnerships to bolster its on - demand marketplace . Total funding to date is $ 5.3 million . Wrench said it saves people an average of 2.4 hours of travel and wait time ; it also claims to be as much as 30 percent less expensive than car dealership service bays , while its prices are on par with independent car repair shops . Its service is backed by a 1-year , 12,000 mile guarantee on both parts and labor . Peterson has been working with the same team for more than a decade . He and some his current colleagues founded and sold Intelius , a public record search company , and TalentWise , which does background checks and other screening services . The car repair industry is pegged at around $ 60 billion . There are other companies like Wrench -- namely , Your Mechanic , which just raised $ 24 million earlier this month . And then there 's Fiix , which just launched out of Y Combinator . " U.S. consumers spend more than $ 60 billion annually on car repairs and maintenance and the service model hasn't changed meaningfully since the invention of the oil change shop , " Madrona Managing Director Len Jordan said in a statement . " Wrench applies modern mobile , internet commerce and data analytics techniques to this market and delivers a physical service that consumers need multiple times a year . "
" I love what you 're building and I want to invest , BUT I just need to see some more meaningful traction . " -Every VC Ever Every entrepreneur has heard this unfortunate phrase at one point or another . I heard it all the time as a former founder myself , and I ' m embarrassed to admit that I ' ve used it a few times as an investor . But no more ! Traction has become this ubiquitous term that too many VCs use to meekly pass on companies , especially early - stage or pre - seed startups . According to Nick Chirls of Notation Capital , modern day seed funds invest more like Series A / B investors of previous generations . Wonder Ventures likes to be the first institutional capital in , which often means we invest in startups before there 's any meaningful traction . We do this because we think it will provide outsized risk - adjusted returns when compared to many other stages in the market . SP So what exactly do we look for when we meet true early - stage founders before they ' ve achieved meaningful traction ? I look for things that I ' ve started categorizing as " Micro - Traction . " There are a ton of resources available for founders looking to raise capital from the traditional seed firms once they have this so - called traction . These are the three key elements of micro - traction that founders can demonstrate to create funding momentum before meaningful revenue or customer growth . " Let 's stay in touch . I 'd love to invest when you grow to $ 100 K MRR . " I ' m guessing you ' ve heard this one before . And when you did , you probably thought , " No duh ! When I hit $ 100 K MRR lots of people will want to invest . " So how do you show traction to early - stage investors before you hit $ 100 K MRR ? Show measurable growth and a positive trajectory in an important business area like revenue . It 's OK if it 's on a small base . For example , as explained in Mark Suster 's seminal post about investors looking to " Invest in Lines , Not Dots " , you could show an early stage investor the following trajectory : At this point , we 're talking about only $ 5 K MRR , a lot less than $ 100 K , but the trajectory of three months of accelerating growth and execution shows me where your business is going and gets me excited about it . This may not be a big number by traditional " seed " investor - traction standards , but investors love to extrapolate from results . Plus , you ' ve just demonstrated your ability to execute across three months of interactions with the investor . " Your product looks great ! Let 's talk again when I can see 12 months of customer data and a cohort analysis of churn " The thing is , you haven't even been in business for 12 months . You only launched a beta of your product three months ago , so seed investors are basically saying they wo n't even consider your business for investment for another nine months . How do you show where your revenue is coming from and who your customers are without large numbers and months of data ? As an early - stage investor , I am less concerned with the scale of these numbers , but rather that you can prove that you ' ve identified a prototypical customer and you know where to find more of them . One way for me to understand the organic fit of these customers is to become one myself . In an ideal early - stage scenario , an investor can use your product while getting to know you . If your product is for a specific customer who is not the investor , then push the investor to think of a friend , contact or , even better , a portfolio company that can use the product instead . Either way , be generous in giving free and easy access to your service and showing how valuable it is . And if they 're sharing it with others , this doubles as great business development for your company by getting intros to the investor 's contacts . There 's really no reason to be stingy . " It seems like your customers really love your product . Can I see the last $ 100k of marketing spend broken down by channel ? " $ 100 K ? You haven't even raised $ 100 K of funding yet , much less spent $ 100 K in marketing . Many seed or Series A investors will ask to review your marketing spend over a couple of months , looking for statistically significant proof that you ' ve already begun spending the money to acquire customers at scale . So , how do you prove your command of customer acquisition to early - stage investors ? The key is to prove at least one ( ideally two ) channels at a small scale . Find ones you can test for a modest amount of money ( say $ 500 ) to obtain specific metrics on acquisitions costs , conversions , and most importantly , the scalability of the channel . For example , Google Search Ads are often one of the best ways to show micro - customer acquisition , as Google provides you with the tools to spend small dollars , clearly track performance and get a decent feel for the scale of potential leads they can provide . I often hear founders tell me their acquisition strategy will be driven by free channels , such as , BizDev , Partnerships , Advisors , SEO , Content Marketing or PR . Heads up , these are examples of the types of answers that usually do n't stand up to the test . Because they are free , every startup is going after them and you ca n't buy scale . If you 're going to mention the above strategies , you would not only have to show me a detailed plan for execution , but also make me believe you have a unique competitive advantage to be able acquire customers via these very unpredictable means . This was originally published on Medium . Techstars helps entrepreneurs succeed . Want to become part of our worldwide entrepreneur network ? Apply today . This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
Partnering with investors that complement them has helped SA tech startup and online car buying service CarZar.co.za land $ 1.5-million in funding from a Sweden - listed investment firm , says CarZar Joint managing director Fernando Pinheiro . Pinheiro announced the deal by Vostok New Ventures , which is also behind Russia 's leading online classifieds company Avito , last week . He said the company was approached by several potential investors after opening its Series - A round of funding . He said CarZar was introduced to the investment company through common connections . " We tried to partner with investors that gelled with our business , enabling good synergies working together . Vostok New Ventures proved to be this type of investor . They have a great reputation , with a portfolio of several successful companies , " said Pinheiro , in an emailed response to questions from Ventureburn . As part of the startup 's Series - A funding round , CarZar is also backed by Silvertree Capital , the SA based venture capital firm and by a third undisclosed UK - based investor focusing on emerging markets . Read more : CarZar gets backed by Silvertree Capital Pinheiro said due to legal agreements with investors , he could not disclose the size of the Series - A round and shareholding details . " However , as VNV is a listed company , the value of their investments are public . In this round , Vostok New Ventures contributed $ 1.5-million , " he said . In an earlier press release to Ventureburn , Pinheiro said the company -- which he founded last year with Michael Muller -- will use the latest round of funding to help improve customer experience , boost marketing and recruit more talent to join their international team . He would not disclose the value of cars sold through the site so far and what the average value of each car sale is , however he added that since launching in April last year the company has seen steady monthly growth of 30% . " I would also like to add that we are reaching thousands of quotes and bookings every month and we foresee them growing with larger marketing reach and territorial expansion . " He added that the company purchases any type of vehicle -- no matter the make , model , colour , age or mileage . " We ' ve already purchased cars from as low as R11 000 , up to R1-million . " Vostok New Ventures has also funded other successful online tech brands including ride sharing service BlaBlaCar , taxi hailing service Gett and AI - driven digital healthcare company Babylon . Featured image : supplied Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startup news
Studies show entrepreneurship is on the rise . ( Shutterstock Photo ) SP The Great Recession struck a major and lasting blow to entrepreneurship but the nation 's startup ecosystem appears to finally be recovering . That 's according to a new study from the Progressive Policy Institute ( PPI ) , a moderate think tank and policy advocate , and TechNet , an advocacy group comprised of tech CEOs . The study ( aimed at persuading local and federal governments to enact policy that promotes innovation ) analyzed government data and job listings to determine the health of startups in the U.S. and the impact they have on job growth and the overall economy . Bureau of Labor statistics from 2015 to 2016 reveal that new establishments -- that is new startups or businesses that expand to new locations -- are finally increasing after years in a recession valley . " The creation of new establishments finally accelerated in 2015 and 2016 -- not just in the leading tech hubs , but in smaller states and communities as well , " writes PPI chief economist Michael Mandell . " Overall , the number of private - sector establishments increased by 2.5 percent in the first three - quarters of 2016 , the fastest rate of growth since before the Great Recession , and just below the 2.7 percent average rate of the 1990s . " Researchers also studied the content of job listings on Indeed d.co , to find out how frequently the word " startup " appeared . They claim the presence of the word -- even in listings from big companies that claim to operate like startups -- indicates a culture that values entrepreneurship . The presence of the word " startup " increased by 60 percent between 2014 to 2016 , according to the study . PPI and TechNet are encouraged by these numbers because they see an increase in startup creation as a big driver of jobs . Mandell also notes that this growth is n't just taking place in coastal hubs like San Francisco , Seattle , Boston , and New York . Unsurprisingly , those tech centers dominated the study 's top 10 list of metro areas where " startup " appeared most frequently in job listings . But Mandell says it 's equally important to look at the regions lower on the top 25 list as up - and - coming centers of innovation and entrepreneurship . SP A 2016 Kauffman Index Report backs up the PPI 's findings that startup ecosystems are bouncing back . The study also supports the theory that startup growth is spreading across the country , beyond traditional tech hubs . Washington D.C. , Columbus , Ohio , Nashville , Tenn. , and San Antonio , Texas , were all on the Kauffman Index 's top 10 list of metros with the highest growth in entrepreneurship activity . The Kauffman study calls this phenomenon " The Rise of the Rest . " " From Chicago to New Orleans , Nashville to Los Angeles , vibrant new companies are being formed that have the potential to become significant job creators -- particularly if nourished and supported by the right public policies , " Mandell writes . Nudging the government toward those public policies is the impetus for the study . The PPI is imploring the federal government to reconsider rules governing crowdfunding and investing , to double down on STEM education and R&D , and to reform immigration policy to promote entrepreneurship . " The recent acceleration of establishment growth suggests that [ economic ] dynamism may be slowly starting to revive -- but it is not enough , " Mandell says .
Ten robotics - related companies got funded in December for a combined total of $ 94 million ; down from $ 225 million in November . Four more got acquired . Over $ 2 billion was involved . No companies went public . " Our origins are in robotics , our future is as an apparel company , " said Rich Mahoney , co - founder and CEO of Superflex , who previously served as the Director of Robotics at SRI International . " We 'll combine comfort and style with power assist for clothes that look good and help people feel good . Our powered clothing will give people the ability to move more freely ; to gain strength and confidence ; to be more injury - free in the workplace ; to achieve higher levels of wellness and social engagement ; to stay in the home longer ; and to recover from injuries faster . " " The agriculture sector has been an early adopter of commercial drone technology , with several companies now offering products for monitoring crops , " explains John Kolaczynski , head of corporate development for the Commercial Drone Fund . " What impressed us with Raptor Maps ' product is that it collects a vast amount of data , distills it down , and correlates actions that a grower can take on a season - to - season basis -- something we haven't seen in other drone products . We believe this is a great product for the agriculture sector that can drive increased yields and reduced costs for growers . " Only four robotics - related companies went public in 2016 ; none occured in December . According to Erin Griffith of Fortune 's Term Sheet , the biggest trend in late stage venture funding in 2016 was the retreat of hedge funds and mutual funds . Instead , 2016 was the year of the " non - tech incumbents , " doing big tech startup acquisitions . ( Think Intelligrated - Honeywell , GM - Cruise , Midea - KUKA ) . It was the year of corporate makeovers , a drive to find new avenues in the face of anemic growth . Companies are reinventing themselves by acquiring talent , technology and growth businesses . Nevertheless , everyone that 's ever invested in tech is praying 2017 will be the year of IPOs . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
New French president Emmanuel Macron will take office this weekend . But the country 's soon - to - be - former - president , Francois Hollande , apparently is n't going far . Hollande , whose administration launched La French Tech program to accelerate France 's startup economy , has announced he will move his foundation to Paris ' Station F , the startup campus that will open this summer as a home for more than 1,000 startups . Hollande 's foundation , La France s'engage , funds social innovation startups to help address challenges ranging from unemployment to agriculture to education to the environment . Launched more than two years ago , the foundation has funded 77 nonprofits working on various social innovation projects . At Station F , he 'll be surrounded by a buzzing hive of startup activity when the campus opens this summer . Read More : Inside the construction of Paris ' Station F : The landmark campus for 1,000 startups Funded by French telecom entrepreneur Xavier Niel , the ambitious project aims to attract 1,000 startups to its $ 265 million campus , a renovated historic train station in the heart of Paris . In recent weeks , Station F has been announcing partnerships with high - profile names , including incubators sponsored by Facebook and Zendesk , a travel perk offered by Airbnb , and office space for Amazon mentorships . In the most recent announcement , Station F also noted that Silicon Valley 's Plug and Play will open a fintech and insurance tech accelerator . The campus is also adding a medtech incubator and an incubator for Franco - Chinese startups . Station F will have three sections : a space with 3,000 desks for startups , an event space for conferences and meetings , and a retail zone for the public that will include four kitchens and a bar open 24 hours a day . The mix of tenants will also include venture capital firms , a fab lab hacker space , and several corporate partners . As part of the project , Station F is also redeveloping two nearby buildings that will offer subsidized housing for 600 people who are in some way connected to the campus . The first group of tenants is expected to move in by early July , which is interesting timing given that it coincides with the start of summer holidays in France . Much of the country is shut down for August holidays . Here 's Hollande speaking at Station F , in case you want to get your French on :
The percentage of venture - backed startups with at least one female founder has plateaued at 17 percent for the past five years . ( Crunchbase Graphic ) SP There have been increasing efforts over the past few years to close the gender gap in tech , and particularly in startups . A high - profile scandal inside Uber 's engineering division , and constant efforts from women in business and tech positions , have made diversity front - and - center in the minds of many . So how much have the headlines , the hours spent networking and the push for diversity in hiring changed the landscape for women at the heads of startups ? Not much , it turns out . A new report from Crunchbase 's ongoing study of female founders found that just 17 percent of venture - backed companies in the first quarter of 2017 had at least one female founder . The same was true for all of 2016 . In fact , that number has held steady since 2012 -- apart from in 2015 , where it was just 16 percent . The report also found that women - led startups receive fewer investment dollars than male - led startups at every stage of the funding process . The gap is particularly large in late - stage funding , where startups with at least one female founder raised just 8 percent of rounds and 7 percent of total dollars . The lack of movement in the founder gender gap over the past five years tells us something many women already knew : There 's no silver bullet to solve diversity challenges . Many of the factors that influence gender gaps in startups , and more generally in tech industry leadership , have to do with deeply ingrained social and cultural norms . Unfortunately , there 's very little research to help companies , investors and founders address the problem . A recent study from TinyPulse also indicates startup leaders have a blind spot when it comes to culture : the study found that leaders consistently rated their company 's culture better than their employees did . The same study found that startups with female founders tended to grow faster , possibly because more diverse workforces are consistently found to lead to better results .
Silene Biotech co - founders Alex Jiao , left , and Jenna Strully . ( Silene Biotech Photo ) SP Silene Biotech wants to help you grow a new heart or liver , in case those organs fail when you get older . The ambitious Seattle startup -- founded two years ago and a member of the 2017 TechStars Seattle class -- today is launching a new service that freezes and stores your white blood cells so they can be used decades later when troubling ailments set in . The big idea ? You could preserve the cells from your 23-year - old body for use when you are 65 , and possibly facing life - threatening diseases . Founded by four Seattleites , including two former University of Washington researchers , Silene is on the cutting - edge of a new field of regenerative medicine , which rebuilds parts of the body . While growing a new heart with your own cells may be decades off , two of Silene 's co - founders , Alex Jiao and Jenna Strully , believe preparing for those medical breakthroughs now could be a huge advantage . Jiao and Strully came up with the idea for Silene after meeting in a science business class at the University of Washington , where Jiao was studying bioengineering and Strully , who is also a medical doctor , was in the MBA program . They competed in the UW 's business plan competition and won some initial funding during the process . The startup has raised $ 450,000 in total from UW grants and awards , angel investments , the founders ' own cash and funds from TechStars . Jiao , who is just 28 years old , said he hopes the startup will " educate and raise awareness and provide a service , " along with pushing the needle towards personalized medicine , a kind of medicine that tailors treatments to specific individuals . The company was originally named miPS Labs , a nod to its focus on induced pluripotent stem ( iPS ) cell technology . Unlike most stem cells , which naturally occur in the body , these cells are engineered from an average adult 's white blood cells and could be used in regenerative medicine to grow extra tissue or even entire organs . " The first applications of this regenerative medicine technology are starting to hit clinical trials , " Jiao said . SP But the older we get , the less effectively the process works , he said . Silene Biotech is collecting and storing cells now , so customers can use them years or decades down the line . Part of their plan is a newly - developed collection system . Instead of collecting urine samples , which the startup did in their beta trial , it is now partnering with Bloodworks Northwest to collect samples of customer 's blood . Starting Thursday , customers can sign up to have blood drawn at Bloodworks Northwest 's downtown Seattle location . Jiao said they will soon also be taking samples at other Bloodworks locations throughout the Northwest . The sample will then be processed by the company and stored in a facility in Indianapolis , far from Seattle 's threat of disruptive earthquakes . The service costs $ 299 for the initial processing and first year of storage , and $ 50 per year after that . Customers can access their cells at any time , retrieving them to be used in medical procedures . The cells are anonymized during processing to protect patient confidentiality , and customers also retain the right to have the cells destroyed at any time . There 's no way to know exactly what these cells could be used for in the future , but early possibilities include growing tissue to repair organs , using lab - grown tissue to test patients for drug resistance , and even growing entire organs for patients who need transplants . To explain the possible uses of these specialized cells , Jiao cited the first clinical trial in which they were studied . In the trial , researchers took skin cells from a patient with vision loss and converted them into lab - grown stem cells . The cells were then grown into retinal cells and implanted in the patient 's eye , and halted her vision loss . " Maybe a decade or so off is when we 'll really start seeing the fruits of this research turn into viable therapies that can treat and cure diseases , and maybe a couple more decades until we can regrow entire organs , " Jiao said . " We 're not going to grow a heart tomorrow , " he said , but trials are about to begin that aim to growing parts of a heart . While iPS cells are the area of Jiao 's expertise , he said the company changed its name because it realized there were many more applications to its service than just iPS cells . Stored white blood cells are being studied as a treatment for Leukemia , for example . But the switch was also inspired by a remarkable story . In 2007 , in the Northern reaches of Siberia , Russian scientists dug up a cache of seeds hidden by a squirrel . The seeds were estimated to be 32,000 years old . A few years later , scientists were able to germinate one of the seeds and grow it into an adult plant : the silene stenophylla . That seed is officially the oldest living organism to survive being frozen . Jiao said he hopes Silene Biotech will do a better job than squirrels did 32,000 years ago . We caught up with Silene 's founders for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Keep reading for a Q&A with Jiao and Strully , and check out all our Startup Spotlights here . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " We store your younger cells today so you can use them in personalized therapies and diagnostics in the future . " Inspiration hit us when : SP Alex ( Jiao ) worked on deriving patient stem cells and turning them into heart cells and he realized he could be doing this easily for himself . VC , Angel or Bootstrap : Bootstrap and angels . Need a fair amount of capital to start a lab , now trying to prove the market . Our ' secret sauce ' is : Our passion , backgrounds , and our partnerships with UW and BloodworksNW The smartest move we ' ve made so far : Switching to blood and partnering with BloodworksNW The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : Not moving faster Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : Zuckerberg . Goals are more in line regarding biotech , pretty audacious ( Chan + Zuckerberg initiative ) . Our favorite team - building activity is : SP Grabbing snacks or meals ( team loves food ) . The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : Chemistry What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : Meet and talk to everyone and keep an open mind . Company Site : www.silenebiotech.com Twitter : www.twitter.com/silenebiotech LinkedIN : https://www.linkedin.com/in/silenebiotech
If we ' ve learned anything about the online world in the last few years , it 's that there is n't a lot consumers want to sit through ads for . The exception to the rule is mobile data , or the gold of the 21st century for the smartphone - obsessed . Taking advantage of this is Wellington - based startup Postr , which provides a platform for mobile network operators to show customers personalised deals and offers on their lock screens in exchange for a certain amount of free mobile data or extra credit . The idea came to cofounder and CEO Milan Reinartz during his time working in advertising as a designer , where he was frequently frustrated with the limited availability and poor formats of mobile display media from a creative point of view . " We 'd come up with these campaigns we were proud of and had to squeeze the content into tiny banners and poor ad units . It just did n't make any sense , " he said . Founded in 2014 , Postr originally launched with a business - to - consumer model , giving users cash for viewing ads through the Postr app . However , the team soon saw that people were n't interested enough in getting a few dollars a month and began work on a business - to - business model , creating white label apps built in partnership with carriers . " The idea of giving people mobile data in partnerships with carriers made a huge difference in retention levels and has put us on the map , " Reinartz said . A customer of a partner carrier with an Android handset would simply download the app , sign up , and get a new lock screen showing them personalised offers . They can choose to either engage with the offer or unlock their phone as they usually would . In return , they can choose to receive extra data or credit . For brands and agencies , Ben Searancke , Postr 's director of ad sales and partnerships across Australia and New Zealand , said this solution results in engagement rates up to 30 times higher than those seen for mobile banners , high conversion rates , and a deeper connection between mobile users and brands . " [ It 's ] a chance for advertisers to engage at a ' first touch ' opportunity before search or Facebook , " he said . " Combining audience , placement and engaging creative at scale is the holy grail that many advertisers are looking for in mobile advertising . " Postr has two partnerships already underway , with Skinny Mobile in New Zealand and with Optus in Australia , where Optus pre - paid customers can receive extra credit or up to 1 GB in extra data in exchange for using the Optus Xtra app . " The partnership with the telco is the most integral part of our business . We work with them from start to finish by understanding how this proposition works best with their existing roadmap and build the experience and commercial model around this , " Searancke explained . Reinartz agreed , " I think we 're now already at a stage where most telcos are not just pipes anymore . They 're looking for new opportunities to maximise their assets and expertise all over . They provide you with content , partner with major pay TV players and so on . " Sponsored data is a growing field of interest in the telco world and we fit well into that niche . There 's a number of benefits for carriers in doing this , ranging from revenue to brand loyalty and more . In terms of getting them on board , I would say this is about alignment and good relationships as it is in any other business . " The experience is crucial ; extra , free data may be as good as gold , but customers can go without if they have to go through too much to get it . Part of the experience also means receiving relevant offers ; to do this , the telcos use anonymised customer data to create personalised advertising . Reinartz said the process of creating the branded app for the telcos is collaborative ; with the majority of the ' skeleton ' already standardised , much of the process is about adding the surrounding elements such as visual design , branding , and minor integrations to make it a product the telcos customers recognise . With the partnerships with Boost Mobile and Optus established , Postr earlier this month announced the closing of a $ 3 million funding round , with participation from investors including the New Zealand Venture Investment Fund , private backers from Singapore and New Zealand , and senior leadership from PayPal in the US . The funding will go towards helping the startup expand further across Australia and Southeast Asia , with Postr stating it is in talks with a number of telcos in the region . The startup has some cashed up local competition , with Australian startup Unlockd , which provides a similar service , raising a $ 15 million Series A round last April . Unlockd has a deal with Lebara in Australia , and has also launched in the US and UK . Reinartz is not concerned , however , saying , " I believe we win big clients as a small company due to our core focus on user experience , customer value exchange , local market understanding , and agility . " With that , the coming year will see Postr focus on deepening its relationships with existing partners and working with new ones to expand into new markets .
Analysts and traders are flooded with information on stocks , funds , market volatility , you name it . Accern wants to lend some method to the madness by monitoring news sites , blogs , social networks , and more to curate the most relevant financial content . The New York - based startup announced a $ 1.2 million seed round today to onboard new customers . " Right now we 're working with many multibillion dollar hedge funds and banks to consolidate all their existing news subscriptions feeds into a centralized news platform , " wrote Accern cofounder and CEO Kumesh Aroomoogan , in an email to VentureBeat . " We then curate the news using our artificial intelligence technologies to help them find the most relevant stories on stocks they are tracking . " The company says it tracks more than 300 million websites , social networks like Twitter and Tumblr , and SEC filings in real time . Learn how developers and brand marketers are using AI to grow their businesses , at MB 2017 on July 11 - 12 in SF . We cut through the hype to show how marketers are achieving real ROI . Get your 50% off Early Bird ticket by May 19 ! According to Aroomoogan , about a dozen financial institutions are using the platform , typically paying $ 500 per user per month . Aroomoogan would not disclose customer names but did say there are about 500 active users . Accern is n't alone in providing insights on financial news . Although Dataminr is the most obvious competitor , data services like Reuters and Bloomberg could arguably also be considered competitors . But Aroomoogan disagrees . " Bloomberg and Reuters are not competitors but a complimentary news service for Accern , " he wrote . " A lot of firms are already subscribed to these news sites , and we are basically consolidating that data on our platform . " SP The startup also plans to expand beyond financial services . " We 're looking to build out the platform to help clients understand the buzz around internal controversies , " Aroomoogan wrote . " It would be beneficial for a brand like United , who 's been under fire recently , to streamline all the messaging and reactions around the incidents . " He named IBM as the company 's first non - financial customer but declined to reveal specifics of the deal . Investors participating in today 's round included Rostra Capital , VYL , Gurtin Ventures , 26 Ventures , Belmont Capital , and Affinity Investment Group , as well as several individual angel investors . Accern will be using the new money to hire more data scientists and engineers and to increase the AI capabilities of its platform to monitor more news . Founded in 2014 , Accern currently has 12 employees .
The South Australian ( SA ) government has announced that it will extending Adelaide 's Gig City optic fibre network to the city 's coworking spaces and innovation hubs , as part of a larger push to modernise the state 's economy and infrastructure . SP Using SABREnet fibre optic cabling , the near 200 km long Gig City network currently connects the city 's educational and research sites . SP According to Andy Dunbar , the state 's Director for the Office of Science , Technology and Research ( OSTAR ) , the network provides speeds at a minimum of ten times faster than the NBN . " We looked at the existing network and thought there was a real opportunity to leverage off that asset and extend the fibre to innovation precincts , " said Dunbar . " We ' ve got support through the last state budget to do that , and we 're just in the process of onboarding an internet provider to service the connection . " The 2016 state budget looked to contribute $ 12.1 billion towards modernising the state 's economy and creating jobs for the future , with $ 4.7 million going towards extending the Gig City project . SP Speaking to Startup Daily , SA minister for Manufacturing and Innovation , Kyam Maher , said the network is a step towards transforming the state 's economy during a pivotal time of change . " We 're going through some momentous change in Adelaide . For more than half a century we ' ve traditionally manufactured cars and washing machines , and now that 's making an end . We need to make a name for something in an area that is developing , " said Maher . The latest major manufacturer to leave the state , Holden last year announced that it would begin the closure of its Adelaide factory from October , a move which would see the lose of hundreds of jobs . SP In response , the SA government looked at ways to create new jobs in the state , identifying startups as a crucial area for opportunity . SP " Initiatives like the fibre network is trying to do things to make Adelaide a default location for startups . We want to give them no reason not to come to Adelaide , " said Maher . SP Describing innovation as historically a part of " survival " , SA Premier Jay Weatherill told Startup Daily that supporting startups through initiatives like Gig City represents the approach SA must take to overcome challenges . SP " The nature of the circumstances here has meant a need to come up with new ways to take on the challenges that present themselves . I think this culture of collaboration really is the idea . " SP Adelaide is the first city outside the US to be connected with the optic network , having established it last year after forming a partnership with US Ignite , the non - profit organisation behind the US network . Maher said the US partnership opens up additional opportunities for Adelaide businesses , as Gig City gives the state access to collaborate with US companies and research across its fifteen city network . " It also allows us to potentially gain access to US funding to support application development in Adelaide . We 'll be invited to their annual conference once a year , with an opportunity to bring the conference to adelaide later down the track , " he said . Maher added that extending the Gig City network to innovation spaces was inspired by US cities such as Chattanooga , which implemented a fibre network after facing the decline of its major steel manufacturing economy . SP " What 's it 's done is create about 3000 new extra jobs , brought in about $ 150 million venture capital into the city and generated over a billion in economic activity , " said Maher . The minister said that the internet service provider for the network will be announced mid March and will be available to innovation and coworking spaces in Adelaide from July . SP Looking into other ways to modernise SA 's economy , the state has recently released the ' Lighting the Way , Global Opportunities for the Photonics Industry ' report , which examines how SA can target the $ 500 billion dollar photonics industry . Relating to companies working with light based technologies such as lasers and sensors , the report found that SA ranks within the top ten in optical fibre sensing development , with significant potential to move upwards . Predicting photonics to grow to a $ 600 billion dollar industry by 2020 , the report highlighted that existing photonics companies should target biophotonics , lasers , fibre optic sensors and fibre optic material to help SA 's photonics industry boom . Speaking about the report , Dunbar said that the photonics industry is important to the state as it 's an strong industry away from traditional manufacturing that has can help create high value jobs . " Photonics is a real research strength in Adelaide , and it has been that way for over 10 years . We can continue to market the capabilities we have and really put Adelaide on the map in regards to photonics , " said Dunbar . To support the photonics industry , the SA government launched the Photonics Catalyst Program in 2013 , which provides researchers in the field with up to $ 45,000 worth of research and development services to help form their prototype or product . SP Maher said the industry can provide a " huge economic windfall " for the state , to help create new jobs while establishing the state as a world leader in photonics . SP " Photonics is the electronics of the 21st century and could be a game - changer for South Australian companies , by using our well - focussed investment in researchers and facilities to create jobs and economic benefits for the state . "
The Dutch startup SciSports today announced that it has raised an extra EUR1.8 million with existing and new investors . The fresh capital will be used to roll - out the SciSkill Index worldwide and implement the BallJames data machine in various stadiums in countries such as England and Germany . In the last few years , SciSports has worked on building the SciSkill Index , a fully automated solution that calculates the quality , talent , and value of every professional football player in the world . With the in - house developed capturing reality technology called BallJames , which generates complete 3D data in real - time , we created a refined total solution that immediately converts events in practice or during the match to useful information and knowledge . SciSports started in 2012 as a spin - off of the University of Twente and currently has 45 employees . The Enschede - based company has been working for several clubs and agents in the Netherlands , Belgium , England , Portugal , Brazil , Germany , and Italy . The SciSkill Index is probably the only objective worldwide player index that makes it possible to compare the quality of football players all around the world . Every week , over 2000 matches in 210 leagues are analyzed by the SciSkill algorithm , through which the SciSkill Index automatically adjusts the quality of 350.000 football players in an index . The index measures the influence of a player on a match and the individual development . With this , it calculates the market value and the potential of a player , based on his current quality and the growth of other players in the past . The SciSkill is not only interesting for clubs , as it also beats the bookmakers in predicting matches and is the ideal input for Fantasy Football games . BallJames is a real - time tracking technology developed by SciSports that automatically generates 3D data from video images of football matches . In the stadium , fourteen cameras are installed , which record all the movements on the field . BallJames then generates its own data such as the precision , direction and speed of the passing , sprinting strength , jumping strength , player movements and how close the ball stays to the foot after a first touch . The Polman Stadium of Heracles Almelo is the first stadium in the world equipped with this system . At the moment , a second stadium in England is being equipped with the first official Beta version of Balljames and in collaboration with the University of Twente , a test field will be set up for academic research . Giels Brouwer , the founder of SciSports stated : " Football is our focus . With the SciSkill , we have created a new opportunity to help clubs finding talent in undiscovered regions . The unique part is that we have built an index that values a player regardless of his position , club or nationality . Our Datascouting department helps the clubs and explores the market , while the Intelligence department automates their findings through Machine Learning . For this to work , we continuously need better data , which is why we started developing BallJames with which we cover the complete value chain in football . We have noticed that not only the world of sports is open to this new form of information . That is why this year we will invest in automated tooling for the media , gambling and gaming industry . " Gerrit - Jan van Ahee , the CTO of SciSports added : " When BallJames is done , a lot more is possible . Think VR , goal - line technology but for the whole field , think second screen possibilities besides watching football on your TV . It is impossible that we will also deliver the end product in all those markets , but with our engine we will fill the role of pure data supplier . We seek collaboration with existing parties in the market and want to solve the current limitations for them . "
One of the AUC Venture Lab 's newest mentors , Nada El Mosalamy recently invested an undisclosed amount in online shopping platform , JewelHub after graduating from the accelerator . El Mosalamy met the co - founders of JewelHub , Haytham Ragab and Mohamed Ebeid when she just began mentoring at the AUC Venture Lab . She expressed how Ragab and Ebeid 's excitement and passion for their company was a huge factor in swaying her to invest . " It has been a great opportunity to meet JewelHub through my mentoring at AUC Venture Lab . They have been great to work with and help grow . I am very happy with my investment with them so far , and I ' m also collaborating with them for my fashion brand , Cool and Comfy by Nadz , " said El Mosalamy in a press release . " We wanted someone interested and passionate about the fashion business as we are , " added Ragab . The JewelHub team also added that having El Mosalamy as a partner gave their startup a necessary boost in terms of new network connections . JewelHub is expanding globally , moving into markets in Switzerland and the UK . The company has begun shipping its products internationally after winning second place at Aramex Egypt 's e - commerce website competition . AUC 's Venture Lab director and endowed chair of entrepreneurship at AUC 's school of business , Ayman Ismail also commented on the investment."We always welcome AUC alumni to join our network and get introduced to our entrepreneurs who will , in turn , mentor them through their journeys and sometimes even invest in their companies . " This is n't El Mosalamy 's first investment as she 's already invested in several successful businesses such as ElWafeyat.com and Reform Studio . Featured image : Filip Maljkovic via Flickr SP
Eyes flickering along the alphabet , I can " type " my name without lifting a finger . The sight - controlled keyboard following my gaze is being showcased by the Australian startup Psykinetic as part of the City of Sydney 's Unlimited Possibilities : Disability and Science Fiction Expo . Nick Temple , a software engineer at Psykinetic , guides me through the process of calibrating the system . I explode red dots on a computer screen by concentrating my gaze , so the eye tracking system can get to know my habits . SP After that , I ' m able to type short sentences in only tens of seconds . SEE ALSO : The enduring cultural power of 2016 's # IndigenousDads hashtag The system , which uses pattern recognition , is part of a new class of assistive technologies that aim to remove barriers for people with disabilities . It 's a movement Melanie Tran is part of . Living with a neuromuscular condition , she is a lead user experience designer at AbilityMate , an Australian startup that uses 3D printing to create assistive devices . Unlike the preponderance of technology companies that force you to change your habits to fit with their platforms , she puts humans at the centre of the process . Her role , as she sees it , is to build empathy and design based on the end users ' needs and emotions . SP It 's a perspective honed by her own experiences with technology -- most especially , her powered wheelchair . " When I was a lot younger , I saw a wheelchair more as a burden because it stopped me from accessing places , it stopped me from doing what I wanted to do , " she told me . " But as I got older , and as I started to work and got involved in the disability sector myself , I found that it was a freedom instead . SP " It takes me to where I want to go , it gives me an independence to do what I love . " Tran , along with Peter Horsley , the founder of the technology accelerator Remarkable , which works with disability - focused startups , argue that technology companies should design their products with the broadest range of users in mind . AbilityMate was one of Remarkable 's first cohort in 2016 , along with startups like Sound Scouts , which created a game that can detect hearing loss in kids . Horsley said there 's a growing push towards universal design -- designing technology so it 's best for the largest amount of people . Although it 's not just about doing good , you should . Horsley argued that if you design for people with disabilities in mind , you open up more markets as well as creating a better user experience all round . " It takes me to where I want to go , it gives me an independence to do what I love . " Both he and Tran cited the iPhone as a powerful example of this idea : Think of Siri and the smartphone 's ability to read out your text messages as assistive technologies that can help anyone . " When you 're cooking , to be able to have something that can read the recipe out to you as you ' ve got stuff all over your hands . That 's a great assistive device , " he said . " I think the iPhone is a really awesome example -- it 's a universal design , to be honest , " Tran added . " It 's used by everyone , but it can also become one of the most powerful assistive technologies to someone who has a disability . " There are more prosaic reasons why universal design is important . SP Tran warned that the customisation and personalisation necessary to make existing technologies work well for people with disabilities often come at a high cost . " People tend to wait a long time before funding , " she said . " Accessibility is one of the major pain points . " SP If more devices are built with people of all abilities in mind , price points could lower . SP Horsley also suggested that cost , as ever , remained a barrier in terms of letting people become fluent with technology . SP " People who have a disability tend to be left out in terms of digital literacy , " he said . " Some of the figures from Australia show that families that do n't have disposable income to buy those assistive technologies , to buy iPhones ... get left out . " The Australian Council of Social Service reported that in 2013 - 14 , 510,900 adults with a disability in Australia were living below the poverty line . Ultimately , designers and engineers who do n't think broadly and inclusively about who their technology can work for will miss out on a whole world of inspiration . " I think people who have a disability have such a unique perspective on life , and that itself is really a drive towards innovation , " Tran said .
Created by the City of Cape Town , the # YouthStart Challenge aims to provide young Capetonian entrepreneurs with an opportunity to either grow their business or get it off the ground . The challenge was announced on the DA 's website . This year 's # YouthStart Challenge will also feature a digital solutions category for entrepreneurs and SMEs operating in the space . " Unemployment , poverty and inequality are some of the biggest challenges in South Africa and young people , in particular , are bearing the brunt , " said the City 's mayoral committee member for safety and security ; and social services , Alderman JP Smith . " Entrepreneurship has been identified as one of the ways to tackle it . So , in the spirit of making Cape Town an opportunity city for all , we 're providing an opportunity to access resources and skills that will help young people to develop their business ideas and provide services and products to consumers , while at the same time growing the economy and aiding job creation efforts . " The # YouthStart Challenge came about from research pertaining to challenges that young entrepreneurs face , namely , access to capital as well as equipment , tools , and space . Other issues facing young entrepreneurs also include lack of experience , and confidence , as well as a lack of mentorship and contacts . The programme supports entrepreneurs in commercialising , expanding as well as monetizing their businesses through their training and mentorship programme . " A successful business needs more than just a capital injection . Development through training and mentoring is crucial for anyone starting out . Having access to those who have gone before and using their experience as a sounding board or cautionary tale is priceless , " said Smith . The top 100 entries would be offered 10-weeks after - hours training , after that , 20 finalists will be selected to go on to the next stage . Furthermore , 10 startups will then go on to participate in a demo day with the top three startups being announced in June 2017 at a gala event . The programme is open to Cape Town residents who are SA citizens and between the ages of 18 and 35 . In order to be eligible , candidates are required to have a startup idea that is already creating sustainable jobs , or has the ability to . Entrepreneurs wanting to enter would be required to complete an online form and upload a video of their pitch proposal .
According to The National Association of Women Business Owners ( NAWBO ) , more than 9.4 million firms were owned by women , employed nearly 7.9 million people , and generated $ 1.5 trillion in sales in 2015 . In addition , 2.9 million firms are majority - owned by women of color in the U.S. , employ 1.4 million people , and generate $ 226 billion in revenues annually . In the tech world , women founders and leaders are heavily underrepresented and it 's going to take all of us to work towards change . To start , women founders need to know that there is a strong support system throughout the country filled with people who are cheering you on and are willing to roll up their sleeves and help you succeed - so keep going ! We talked with two women founders , Sara Morgan , the founder of Eleven Eleven PR and Leigh George , the CEO of Freedom , who have built a successful business and have some advice and encouragement for you ladies out there grinding it out everyday to grow your company . When asked about some of the most important learning experiences while growing a business , staying lean and trust your gut were at the top of the list . " When you 're starting a business , avoid spending money on things that wo n't directly impact your bottom line , " Sara said . " So many times I ' ve seen founders spend money on things that do n't really help them grow , like an extravagant launch party or costly team trips . SP [ Another important lesson is to ] follow your gut instinct . Whether I ' m making a hiring decision or choosing which client to work ( or not work ) with , I have learned how important it is to go with my gut instinct , it has rarely led me in the wrong direction . If it does n't feel right , it usually is n't . " Leigh reminds startup founders to stay competitive in the market and true to your brand . " To stay competitive , you must constantly innovate , but no business today can afford to wait for perfection , " Leigh said . " If you aim for perfection , the market and opportunity will pass you by . I use iteration , experimentation and collaboration to develop new solutions quickly and test my way to success . " SP " [ As for your brand ] to be successful , your brand needs to be as much about your clients as it is about you . I call it that sweet spot at the intersection of a brand 's purpose and clients ' passions . " Acquiring customers is one thing , but working the right customers can be motivating and help position and elevate your business . " Although there 's the pressure in a B2B business like mine to accept any client , I learned very quickly to only work with clients who are the right fit for me , " Leigh said . " Not every organization is a good match for my services and having a clear , distinctive brand helps me quickly identify the relationships that will work . By positioning myself as a different kind of agency that helps organizations innovate , I found I organically attracted clients who wanted to break from what they had done in the past . This taught me to stay true to my brand and not try to be all things to all people . " It 's easy to look back with 20/20 hindsight and say if only I 'd know now what I could have known then my business would have flourished earlier - but that 's life as a startup founder and all people can do is learn from other 's mistakes , experiences and wins . For Leigh , she encourages women to be fearless , learn from your failures and keep going . " [ My 20/20 hindsight is that ] I would have started my own company sooner . I had thought about it for years but fear always held me back . However , I realized that like any big life decision , I would never be truly ready and I just needed to do it . Have I made mistakes ? Have I fallen flat on my face ? Of course ! " Leigh said . " But I view these moments as learning experiences and take that knowledge and invest it back into the business to keep moving forward . You never will know what you 're capable of accomplishing if you do n't try . " For Sara , she encourages other women founders to reach out to each other and provide support and guidance where you can . SP " Support each other ! I am so proud to represent a number of female - founded companies , " Sara said . " I love working with female entrepreneurs and I feel a true sisterhood with other women that know what it 's like to take a chance to pursue their dream . When you meet another female founder , go out of your way to try to help her . I promise , it will come back times ten . " Let 's face it , women just do n't take care of themselves as they should , these founders suggest for you to start making a commitment to your health in preparation for the long marathon known as startup life . " Remember to take care of yourself . The startup culture is so hustle - driven that it can be easy to think you need to work non - stop to be successful , " Leigh said . " I believe in working smarter not harder . Working with incredible efficiency means I can feel good about taking time for myself to exercise , meditate , eat well and get enough sleep ( ok I ' m not great there!)--all things you need to stay sharp , creative and innovative . " Read more about being a healthy entrepreneur at Tech . Co
During the month of February , elementary schools around the country will celebrate Black History Month and learn about Dr. Martin Luther King , who led a nonviolent movement to achieve legal equality for African - Americans in the United States . Perhaps more importantly , they 'll listen to his " I Had A Dream " speech , deemed one of the most moving and revered orations in all of human history . As for us , there are many ways to honor African Americans during this celebrated month . We can take the initiative to learn about those who have come before us , celebrate those working to create change , and take action ourselves to bring about a diverse and inclusive future . Kick back on the couch and expand your mind with all of the best sellers in black history . Learn about the sentiments behind the Black Lives Matter Movement , the accomplishments of women in science in the now movie Hidden Figures , or the life behind former President Obama . SP A little community service never hurt anyone , and it definitely does n't hurt to encourage young people to become change - makers in their lives . The universal language of coding can help build bridges for many young people . Teaching kids to code , empowering them to learn , or imparting other leadership skills can help shape our future leaders . Taking the time out to inspire young people will lead to a better tomorrow . In product development , it can be easy to think about how your product will work for people like you . However , not all people are exactly like you . We all think differently and have different ways of experiencing products . This also goes for how you 're marketing your product . There is huge value in reaching out to potential minority and female users that not everyone capitalizes on . " We know that we ca n't change it unless we address it , " said DeRay Mckesson , a leader in the Black Lives Matter movement . One way African American history has been swept under the rug is the lack of shared stories of African American 's accomplishments and struggles . The stories future generations will read about are the ones we deem the most important today . The injustices of the present and past can not be remedied if they are n't known by all people . SP When in need of inspiration , take a look back at some of the African American entrepreneurs of the past . They overcame extreme racial discrimination to be successful . History 's entrepreneurs paved the way for us to be successful today . They struggled to make a better future . Read their stories and learn how to get through your own struggles and challenges to be your own success . One way to celebrate black history is to recognize the history that is being made today . The black founders that surround us are forging new paths for people of the future . Looking at the other the other entrepreneurs around you is also a good way to bring about improvements and potential collaborations . Gathering people together regardless of skin color was not always possible . Taking the time to come together as a team is also good for morale and building the culture of your startup . Food is a great way to bring people together . You could even serve Mac and Cheese , because its creation can be credited to its creation can be credited to James Hemings , one of Thomas Jefferson 's slaves , as one of the first to serve American mac and cheese . SP Make sure that you are seeking diversity in the workplace . There is no one way of doing things . Through promoting diverse minds to have a place on your team there will be more creative contributions . When people are surrounded by people that look like them , they probably wo n't question practices and seek change . Improvements can only come with some change . Read more about diversity and African American founders making moves in tech on Tech . Co
Hosting an intimate event last night at Cape Town 's Workshop 17 , Singularity University ( SU ) announced more granular news of its upcoming Cape Town and Johannesburg chapters . Better known as SingularityU , the Silicon Valley - based think tank and startup incubator began life in 2009 , and is partnered by companies like Google , NASA and Deloitte . The University has previously graced South African shores with competitions geared towards the country 's inventors and entrepreneurs , but the opening of its two new chapters is its latest venture . According to SU 's Cape Town chapter figurehead Michael Fichardt , SingularityU " is a place where the world 's brightest minds convene to tackle the world 's toughest challenges " . The University breaks down these challenges into twelve distinct sectors , from energy to waste , to food to health . Both Cape Town and Johannesburg will be a focal point for SingularityU this year , as the University launches chapters within both cities . These chapters aim to " build community " , introduce bright minds to one another , and " hopefully solve big problems as well " , according to Fichardt . " Critically , it 's local innovation that makes the world go round , " Fichardt explains , suggesting that the change and disruption caused by technology in today 's world can also be remedied by technology . And of course , bright minds . The University will be planning a number of events , with the first taking place on 5 April , focussing on the future of health . Johannesburg 's mirror of last night 's event will take place on 7 March . " Other events will happen later in the year , " Fichardt adds . Alongside the events , Fichardt also announced a number of competitions available for South African entrepreneurs and inventors to enter . The University will be running a local version of the Global Impact Competition ( GIC ) , which will see the winners head to Silicon Valley to partake in the GSP programme . The competition challenges entrants to use exponential technology to solve world problems . This year , the focus of the competition is climate change . " We 'll be choosing ten finalists for a pitching event , and we 'll be sending one finalist to SU for the summer , " Fichardt explains . The GSP is a nine - week course designed to group like - minded problem solvers together , in order to better formulate solutions to the worlds ' problems . In many ways , it 's a concentrated startup incubator , and can lay claim to birthing the likes of Made In Space and Matternet . Overall , the prize is worth around US$ 40 000 . Entries open today ( 2 March ) , and close on 10 May. The GSP begins in mid - June . Fichardt also announced that a version for schools , which will be modelled on the GIC and will be supported by the Allan Gray Forbis Foundation . It will be hosted on SU 's Alan Gray 's Blue Helix system , and will be run in all SA 's provinces in addition to Namibia , Swaziland and Botswana . Winners from each region will join a boot camp in Cape Town , and the ultimate winner of the boot camp will visit SU Silicon Valley for a week . Finally , SU also announced that a Singularity U Summit will be held in Cape Town this year . Although dates are n't yet confirmed , Fichardt notes that SU is aiming for the final week of August . " We 'll bring the full faculty from Silicon Valley through to South Africa , and have a two - day conference about tech , and about world problems , " he explains . Experts in the fields of cybercrime , autonomous driving , and artificial intelligence are expected to make the trip , among others .
Online lender Spotcap just announced a partnership with New Zealand bank in which the bank provides EUR14 million of debt funding to the growing FinTech startup from Germany . Most recently Spotcap has launched in New Zealand - its 5th market . While global investment in the fintech sector has grown rapidly in the last five years . Australia and New Zealand are two of the fastest growing alternative finance markets across the Asia - Pacific region . Spotcap was founded in 2014 and provides online credit lines and business loans to small and medium - sized businesses ( SMEs ) . While traditional lenders make credit decisions based on historical financials and old - fashioned credit scoring , Spotcap uses a unique , proprietary credit algorithm which provides deep insight into the financial condition of a business , enabling quick , sound decisions . After launching in Spain , Spotcap expanded to the Netherlands and Australia in 2015 , the UK in 2016 and New Zealand in 2017 . Jens Woloszczak , the co - founder of Spotcap who took over the CEO position from Toby Triebel last year , stated : " Collaboration is essential to the growth and development of the fintech industry and has been part of our strategy since we launched in 2014 . We are happy to have entered a partnership with Heartland , it 's an important milestone for Spotcap . " Spotcap has issued more than EUR65 million in credit lines to SMEs around the world and has successfully raised EUR78 million in equity and debt funding . The FinTech startup is backed by a number of popular investors including Rocket Internet , Finstar Financial Group , Access Industries , Holtzbrinck Ventures , Kreos Capital and Heartland Bank .
The Berlin - based early - stage investor Project A just announced the closing of its second fund of EUR140 million . In addition , the operational VC is about to close a vehicle of another EUR40 million dedicated to follow on investments in its portfolio companies . In total , Project A raises its assets under management from EUR80 million to EUR260 million . The investor base of the new fund includes leading players in Germany 's digital industry as well as established " old economy " companies . Alongside existing investors Otto Group and Axel Springer SE , the fund is also backed by the European Investment Fund ( EiF ) as well as by renowned German companies and entrepreneurial families behind companies like ProSiebenSat.1 , Ravensburger and Oetker . Individual investors include Rolf Schromgens ( co - founder and CEO of Trivago ) , Rene Kohler ( founder and CEO Internetstores ) , Holger Hengstler ( co - founder dress - for - less ) , and Brian O'Kelley ( founder and CEO of AppNexus ) . Thies Sander , a founding partner of Project A stated : " We are pleased to have such a diverse range of investors in our new fund . The last five years have proven our operational model is really valued and impactful , and we are looking forward to further expanding our portfolio this year . " Founded about 5 years ago , Project A made more than 40 investments and today is an established player in Europe 's venture capital landscape . Project A 's portfolio includes companies such as Lostmy.name , WorldRemit , ZenMate , Treatwell , Tictail , Catawiki , Contorion , Spryker , and KRY . The total portfolio value is currently calculated with more than EUR2.5 billion , with Project A holding between 10 and 35% of shares . Since founding in 2012 , Project A pursues a truly operational approach which is kind of unique to Europe 's VC scene . Project A employs a unit of 100 specialists in areas like software engineering , digital marketing , business intelligence , sales , design , and recruitment . These experienced professionals actively support Project A 's portfolio companies to lay the groundwork for sustainable growth and success . The Berlin - based VC co - invests with renowned international investors on a regular basis . Among them are Google Ventures , Accel Partner , Index Ventures , Balderton , Creandum , or Lerer Hippeau Ventures . The investment focus of Project A currently expanded to digital health , B2B , and vertically integrated consumer brands . Initially , the Berlin - based VC invests between EUR300k and EUR5 million and reserves up to EUR10 million for follow - on financings per company . Project A invests mostly in European companies .
Your boss is an idiot and you 're looking for something new ? Each week we 're introducing you to some great career opportunities in the startup space . This is your chance to join one of Europe 's most promising startups . Check out our job board for startup jobs to get a complete overview on the open postitions there . And without further ado here are the startup jobs of the week : The Belgian startup waylay offers an IoT service orchestration platform that combines data across IoT verticals and provides a richer integration between IoT solutions and enterprise IT systems and cloud services . Join the Ghent - based startup now as a Javascript Engineer or Java / Scala Backend Engineer . TravelPerk is a Barcelona - based startup with the goal to revolutionize the way that organizations budget , book and manage their business travel . Join the promising startup now as a Senior Backend Developer . evania video is an international online marketing company based in the booming digital ecosystem of Berlin . With their team of tech - loving video experts , evania video is a pioneer in the field of programmatic video . Join them now as a Account Manager - Supply Side . Apply now ! Soapbox Labs is a Dublin - based startup which is building speech recognition technology for children between the ages of 4 and 10 , enabling device interactions for gaming , learning and communication . Join the promising startup now as a Speech Recognition Engineer . By the way : If you 're a startup CEO and also looking for some rockstar employees for your company , make sure to publish a job opening with us now . While basic job ads are free , a premium job ad ( for just EUR69 ) provides you with the following advantages :
Smule , maker of Sing ! Karaoke and other social music apps , announced yesterday that it has raised $ 54 million in a round led by Chinese company Tencent . Adams Street Partners , Bessemer Ventures , Floodgate , Franklin Templeton and Shasta Ventures also participated in the funding . Reuters reported that the round valued the company at $ 604 million , setting up Smule to expand in Asia and potentially to go public . SP Related Articles Smule CEO Jeff Smith Is Weirdly Optimistic About The Music Industry Social Music App - Maker Smule Raises Another $ 16.6 M Founded in 2008 , Smule 's apps allow users to share different types of musical performances with others , and the company says it now has 52 million monthly active users . CEO Jeff Smith has said his vision is to " build a social network around music " while also helping to promote music . Tencent , meanwhile , is the maker of the popular WeChat app , and it 's also been investing in music and user - generated content .
The fast pace of technology has made the modern workforce more mobile and interconnected and opened up the way for community office environments to develop and evolve . In an era of flexible working hours , coworking culture has turned into a global movement attracting freelancers , remote workers , and other independent professionals to work and interact , while enjoying high - quality office amenities at an affordable price . This global phenomenon reached Hungary around a decade ago and ever since then the Hungarian capital has successfully fulfilled the growing demand for these communal workspaces . To ease your decision and to provide you with a short overview , we ' ve compiled a list with 10 of the coolest coworking spaces in Budapest . And here it is : Kaptar : Located centrally in the heart of the city , Kaptar has been the second home for many locals freelancers and digital nomads due to its speedy wifi , comfy working areas and productive work atmosphere . Fully equipped and designed to meet the needs of the individuals , Kaptar also provides a seat service for your company and event space . The endless flow of fresh coffee as well as storage units for bikes is just an addition to the wonderful inspiring community . Cost : Packages vary from EUR140 to EUR250 per month . SP Kubik : From a workdesk to a virtual office , Kubik has a lot to offer . Clients come from various fields : freelancers , startups , non - profits and even large companies , the agenda is full of events and their international network and partner program can open a lot of doors . Showers are also available for those who want to go for a run in the nearby Margaret Island . Cost : Packages vary from EUR65 to EUR145 per month . SP Loffice : Host of the 2017 Coworking in Hungary conference , Loffice has established itself as a key hub in the Hungarian startup scene with a total of five offices - four in Budapest and one in Vienna . Available 24/7 , access to workstations or offices of your choice as well as mentoring support such as business and export advice . Networking possibilities at an indoor sky bar or cocktail terrace . Cost : Multiple monthly packages are available , full package starts at EUR145 . Greenspaces : If you are looking for the eco - friendly community of Budapest , you might find them in Greenspaces . Greenspaces provides green , healthy , and happy coworking office space in the centre of Budapest . The large converted apartment with 35 desks , offers everything you and your business idea need . It a low cost solution for office space tailored at your needs . Cost : Full package starts from EUR130 per month . Impact hub Budapest : The Hungarian branch of the Impact hub is a coworking space , a place for ideas , training , and social and creative transformation . Winner of the Coworking Office of the Year 2017 , this community - driven workplace offers its members a place to connect , collaborate , explore and turn their ideas into businesses . Offering not only workdesks and offices , but programs , workshops and events as well . Cost : Multiple monthly packages are available , varying from EUR15 to EUR115 . Mozaik : If you are freelancer looking to break the monotony of working at home , a startup looking for your first office , or a small business moving to Budapest and in need to get your team up and running quickly , SP Mosaik might be able to help . They offer a platform for learning , connecting and growing , by organising an academy , providing fully equipped coworking space and networking opportunities . Once you are tired from all the work , table tennis and football table are free to use at any time . Cost : Packages vary between EUR130 and EUR150 per month . The Hub : Focused on the tech community , the Hub offers 24/7 access 365 days a year to your workstation or furnished office . Its central location , along with the high - speed internet make it a popular destination for startups , entrepreneurs , freelancers , digital nomads , creatives , techies and micro - businesses . Known for its fashionable interior filled with avant - garde wall paintings , the Hub is the perfect go - to place for those who want a combination of concentration , creation , and yet relaxation . Cost : Multiple monthly packages are available , full package starts at EUR125 . Cowo : Known to add a touch of seriousness to its setup , Cowo is home to many digital nomads , entrepreneurs and freelancers in IT related industries . If you are trying to get some work done far from the crowded cafes or offices , this is the place to go . Available 24/7 , it has all the necessary office equipment for your use such as a printer , scanner , high speed Wi - Fi , free local calls , cloud computing , computer backup , PC support etc . Cost : Multiple packages are available , varying between EUR95 and EUR130 per month . Coffice : As combination of coworking office and a cafe , Coffice easily became the spot for urban digital lifestyle . With a cafe downstairs with well - separated tables suitable for work and office area upstairs , equipped with presentation rooms and workdesks , Coffice offers relaxed and inspiring atmosphere . Cost : Multiple daily , weekly and monthly packages are available , full package starts at EUR95 . I - office : Situated in a former industrial building in one of the most dynamic neighbourhoods of Budapest , I - office attracts young and enthusiastic crowd . Easily accessible via public transportation , the place offers renting an office , workstations and meeting rooms . Accountancy and legal consulting , safe deposit and bike parking lot are just a plus . Cost : Multiple daily , weekly and monthly packages are available , full package starts at EUR85 .
Investing platform OpenInvest has just raised $ 3.25 million in a seed round led by Andreessen Horowitz . SP Termed a " social impact investing platform , " the company is one of the first VC - backed Public Benefit Corporations and operates by allowing its users to select issues they care about ( climate change , LGBTQ rights , you name it ) and then builds a custom portfolio to yield returns in alignment with the customers ' personal values . OpenInvest is grown 85 percent since its soft launch last September , so Tech . Co used their seed round announcement as an opportunity to have a chat with OpenInvest CEO and cofounder Conor Murray about just how OpenInvest 's unique approach to socially responsible investing works . Read about startups raising capital in your city at Tech . Co Conor , alongside cofounder Phil Wei , was inspired to start their investing platform after starting with one question : How could they have the biggest positive impact on the society around them ? " We tried to figure out how we could have the biggest impact on society given our backgrounds / skill sets , " Conor tells me . " After a few months of exploring , and talking more with [ Josh Levin , a sustainable finance leader from the world 's largest environmental organization , WWF ] , who has a deep background in that space , we saw a massive gap between the things people care about and their investments . SP " We believe that if we allow people to align their investments with social and environmental issues , we can create a massive driver for positive change . " OpenInvest helps investors influence the world using their values . But does the platform embody any values itself ? Conor had three of them on hand : " Our values are honesty , transparency and integrity , " he explains . " OpenInvest is empowering people to drive activism with their investments . We are a public benefit corporation , meaning we are a mission - driven company that values impact as well as adding value . OpenInvest is aligned with what it cares about : the public good . " But could the platform 's values ever be at odds with potential investors ' values ? " For VC investors , we explicitly look for financial backers or partners that align with our mission , " Conor says . " In regards to our customers , it is possible given that both our issues and a client 's are always evolving , but with a dedication to complete transparency , we will always be very clear and up - front about these . " OpenInvest 's goals are an interesting take on the " philanthropreneur " movement : They aim to balance social consciousness with a financial benefit . Their investors are certainly optimistic they 'll succeed : " OpenInvest is democratizing a movement that has already captured a significant percentage of institutional dollars , but in a much more powerful , granular , and approachable way , " Alex Rampell , general partner , Andreessen Horowitz , mentions in their press release . Time will tell if OpenInvest can pull off this approach , but cofounders are definitely fulfilling their original goal : They 're shooting for the biggest positive impact on the world around them . Read more about eco - friendly startups at Tech . Co
Just a few weeks after leaving her post as vice president of Twitter 's Asia Pacific business , Aliza Knox has been appointed chief operating officer of Australian adtech startup Unlockd . SP Twitter 's first employee in Asia , the Californian Knox has worked across Singapore and Australia . She previously held senior positions at companies including Google , Visa International , and Boston Consulting Group , and serves on the boards of Scentre Group and SingaporePost . SP Unlockd cofounder and chief Matt Berriman said Knox 's experience and networks will be an " enormous asset " as the company looks to hit its growth targets ; it aims to give $ 500 million back in value by 2025 . " Aliza has an amazing track record of business growth and accomplishments regionally and globally . The team and I are excited about her joining as we expand our business into other verticals like content streaming and geographies including Asia , " he said . Knox added that with Unlockd 's growth pipeline in emerging markets such as Asia Pacific , she is confident her skillset will add value to the business . SP " I have always been drawn to businesses with a strong entrepreneurial spirit that are creating value for consumers in unique ways . What is especially appealing about Unlockd is its revolutionary business model where each party in the ecosystem wins , combined with visionary leadership and a strong sense of purpose , " she said . Unlockd last April raised $ 15 million in Series A funding , with Berriman stating in October that the startup would be looking to raise $ 30 million more as it pushes for further expansion . The startup 's technology offers customers of partner telcos the ability to earn extra data or calling credit in exchange for viewing targeted ads on their lockscreens ; it has deals in place with a number of international telecommunications companies , including Boost Mobile in the US and Tesco Mobile in the UK , and is soon set to launch partnerships in the UAE and India . Unlockd also announced a new offering last month through a partnership with MTV Trax in the UK , giving users free access to the premium version of the music streaming app in exchange for the viewing of relevant ads and offers . The new partnership comes as competition for its core service emerges , with New Zealand startup Postr also offering customers of partner telcos extra credit or data in exchange for viewing ads . The startup has two partnerships underway , with Skinny Mobile in New Zealand and Optus in Australia . The market , of course , is huge : global mobile ad spend is expected to grow to US$ 215 billion by 2021 . Mobile advertising grew 48 percent to reach US$ 80 billion last year , and is expected to account for 52 percent of total digital ad spend by the end of 2017 .
The world is going video . Whether you 're a marketing director or a budding journalist , every study on the books is pointing to high quality streaming capabilities as a necessity for future success . However , for most companies , getting on the video bandwagon has been decidedly more difficult than previously thought , as slow download speeds and latency problems have made the medium noticeably more complicated . Fortunately , one company is doing something about it , and they just closed a massive Series A funding round led by KB Partners . PhenixP2P is a Chicago - based startup providing real - time video streaming solutions to companies around the world . By allowing businesses to focus on content with their proprietary platform PCast , PhenixP2P is providing a wholly necessary service to the content world . And a funding round that sizes proves it . " Phenix 's cutting edge real - time video streaming technology fills a huge void in the marketplace , where demand is growing at exponential rates . We were extremely impressed by the caliber and experience of the engineering and leadership teams and the products they have developed , " said Keith Bank , managing partner of KB Partners and new PhenixP2P board member . The sizable Series A will be used to scale the company as much as possible . With a seemingly endless variety of needs to meet in the video sector , PhenixP2P has their work cut out for them when it comes to addressing these solutions . Fortunately , with all this funding , they 'll be able to tackle all of them in due time . " Several significant pilot projects are now underway across a variety of categories such as professional sports , broadcast news , eSports / video gaming , social media , and online education to name a few , " said Kyle Bank , director of business development at PhenixP2P in an interview with Tech . Co . " We are working diligently to become the go - to provider of real - time video content delivery . " In addition to further developing their video streaming platform , they 'll also be aggressively accelerating their sales efforts and adamantly educating the market on the importance of latency - free video solutions . They 'll also be able to make significant hires in the business and engineering side of the company , opening the door to more growth and innovation as time goes on . PhenixP2P participated in Tech . Co 's SXSW Startup Night just a few weeks ago , impressing judges , investors , and your 's truly on the way to a successful pitch . If you want to enjoy some of their success , make sure to apply for our Startup of the Year competition for a chance to compete at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 in October . Read more about budding startups here on Tech . Co
For its latest trick in India , Amazon aims to help startups in the country sell , market , and deliver their products and gain more visibility . Amazon announced Monday it is bringing its global startup program Launchpad to India . The India Launchpad portal is live with products from over 400 startups , of whom 25 are India - based . SP The company has also partnered with Nasscom , Government of Maharashtra , Indian Angels network and several bodies and venture capitalists to help startups on policy and financial sides . SP SEE ALSO : Amazon makes it easier for Indians to buy international products Through Launchpad , first unveiled in 2015 and now available in seven regions , Amazon partners with startups and sells their products on its giant ecommerce platform . Additionally , Amazon also helps startups market and promote their products . SP The program will also enable Indian startups to sell their products oversees , said Amit Agarwal , Vice President and Country Manager for Amazon India . SP Some products such as Sphero and Eero have previously used Amazon 's Launchpad platform . The Launchpad has helped over 1,200 startups launch products worldwide , with over 4,000 products in storefront , Jason Feldman , Director Global Innovations for Amazon said at the event . SP Image : SP Manish singh / mashable india " Amazon launchpad is a great step from Amazon for the startup to sell its product online through Amazon , " said Parv Sharma , an analyst at Counterpoint Research . We spoke with several of the partnered startups . True South , for instance , makes nutritious coffee powder in pouches that is ready for serving after a customer adds hot water . SP Seven Sense Technologies makes interesting electronic gadgets such as rings that serve as a fitness tracking device . A representative with the company told us that they previously launched their products in the US and Europe markets through Launchpad program . SP Another startup called Lechal makes tiny cuboidal devices that can be added to shoes . These devices also serve as fitness tracking devices and require charging once after 20 days of usage . ' Blink ' smartwatch from Bangalore - based Witworks , which was first unveiled in late September , has also been launched on Amazon Launchpad platform . All of these startups told us that they also sell products through other channels , but are heavily relying on Amazon for discoverability and marketing . A representative with Amazon India emphasized that they expect to see plenty of more startups join the platform in the coming days . SP
The stats around diversity in the wider global tech ecosystem are still poor , with stories of bro - focused company cultures rife and reports , such as this analysis of how VCs talk differently about men and women who pitch them , emerging with seemingly depressing regularity . In the face of all this , however , women in the community have been working hard to make it easier for other women to join in . From Girls in Tech to Springboard Enterprises , the homegrown Girl Geek Academy and Like Minded Bitches Drinking Wine , it seems there has never been more support for women looking to launch their own startup . However , Holly Stephens felt there was a gap and decided to fill it with her own group , Triangles . Blending an online forum with networking and educational events , Triangles looks to be more of a results - oriented network that looks beyond just the tech community to also incorporate women in small business , encouraging members to connect and collaborate , and learn from each other . The idea was born out of Stephens ' own debates over the years over whether she should stick with the corporate world or venture out into the world with her own business . " In the back of my mind , I always knew I was n't really meant for the corporate world ; I used to work for Google , the most amazing company in the world , and I loved it , but there was something in the back of my mind saying , I ' m not meant to be doing this , " Stephens explained . Having worked on a couple of side projects before starting at Google , she nevertheless did n't leave the idea of entrepreneurship for long ; at Google she worked on a project called the Digital Garage , which aims to train small businesses in digital marketing . After moving to Australia to work on Android Pay for a while , the itch to pursue her own business always there , Stephens decided last December to start looking beyond the tech giant and started doing some freelance digital marketing work for some small businesses . Going over the internal debate she was having , Stephens realised there must be other women having it too . " I thought , there must be more women out there who feel like I do but are n't as close to or as knowledgeable about the startup world as I am , but if they could be , and could get access to people and know where to start , they could do this too , " she said . So , Stephens set up a quick landing page for Triangles - " you do n't start building stuff unless you know there 's anyone interested , " she said - and wrote a blog post , and within a day or two she said she had had around 50 people contact her . A little while later she got the domain name and opened it up for sign ups . About a month on , there are around 300 women and men on the Triangles network . The platform incorporates a network - wide feed as well as specific hubs , such as Questions and Groups . Here they can share and find resources such as tools , books , podcasts and other things that may be useful in helping someone get a startup off the ground . Along with the online element will be face to face events , through which Stephens said she wants to " bring the entrepreneurial spirit into one room " and really get the results - driven networking going . With the platform free to join , Triangles will be monetised through events . Linking up with partners including Springboard Enterprises Australia and Tank Stream Labs , Stephens is keen to ensure there is always a learning element to events , and as such is developing material for workshops that will take participants through each of the steps that one goes through in starting a business , from how to refine your idea to writing a business plan , finding financing , customer validation , and so on . The majority of members so far are based in Sydney , however there are others across Australia and dotted around the world , some coming from the UK and US . They are at various stages of their business journeys , with some still working in corporate roles and feeling out how to go about starting a business on the side , while a couple who have built big businesses are there to offer advice . " I just want to make women feel that , if they ' ve got that ambition inside of them that they want to do something else , they should n't be so scared to do it . I want to make it easier for them . "
When Chris Hyams , president of job search platform Indeed , heard a pitch from three of his young engineers recently out of college to create an app that mimics the hunting aspect of Pokemon Go but for real world job postings , he initially dismissed it , believing he had heard it all before . Hyams joined Indeed in 2010 to be the company 's senior vice president of product . He 's held the role of president since October 2015 . He told Entrepreneur that while the idea of Job Spotter , which was pitched it to him during the company 's Indeed University program , had been kicking around Indeed for some time in one form or another , it had never gained any traction . Fortunately for the company , the trio of intrapreneurs , Nicholas Towbin - Jones , Jiehua Liu , and Hoe Lee , SP defied their boss 's reluctance . The team built the prototype by biking around Austin to get images of storefronts and help wanted signs . SP " The more successful a company gets , the more likely we are to think we have everything figured out . It 's easy to think that we got to where we are because we are smart , " Hyams says . " But the minute we are convinced of that is the moment that innovation dies . It turns out that the smartest thing I did last summer was to not to say no to new ideas . " With the app , users can share potential job opportunities in their communities from small businesses -- who may not usually post job listings online -- that look for new hires with a well - placed " help wanted " sign . Once the app is downloaded , users can take a photo of the signs and storefronts they see , and once it is approved by Indeed , users earn points that can be put toward gift cards . Indeed then uses GPS location data " to match the photo to a database of businesses to get the name and address , and we use [ data from the photo ] to automatically extract phone number , email and other information from the image , " Hyams says . It 's a way to crowdsource Indeed 's job postings with an element of gamification . Since Job Spotter 's U.S. launch in July , Hyams says that 100,000 users have submitted more than 500,000 new jobs . The last several months have seen Job Spotter become the second most popular source of job clicks in the U.S. , he says . The app has also launched in Australia , Canada and the U.K. The company , which boasts of listing some 16 million jobs and 70 million resumes on its site , has its eye on more markets all over the world . " With Job Spotter , we have demonstrated here in the U.S. that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs that until now could not be found online , " Hyams says . " The potential is even greater when you think about other markets around the world like India , China and Indonesia where there might even be more jobs offline than online . There is always more that we can do to help people find jobs . " SP Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
Siren co - founders Susie Lee , left , and Katrina Hess . ( Lance Mercer Photo ) SP Sound the alarm for women looking for something other than traditional dating apps : Siren is shutting down . The Seattle - based app , which billed itself as an alternative to sites such as Tinder and Match.com with a focus on empowering women , is closing its doors after running out of money . Siren co - founder Susie Lee penned a blog post Tuesday detailing the reasons for the company 's shutdown . She noted that Blackrun Ventures , which last year invested $ 225,000 as part of Siren 's seed round , had never " completed their obligation . " " Instead , we received small , unpredictable amounts , with the other investors courageously stepping forward , " Lee wrote . " Through the dedication of these committed individuals we were able to continue development , however we could never plan beyond a few months , hindering growth , milestones , and new funding opportunities . " In an interview with GeekWire , Lee said that " all closing docs had been signed , but [ Blackrun Ventures ] never completed their commitment . " " Instead , they issued small , unpredictable tranches , often with months in between , despite sometimes daily requested updates and repeated assurances , " Lee noted . Blackrun Ventures , which invested as part of its women - focused investment arm , still lists Siren on its portfolio page . We ' ve reached out to the firm for more details and will update this post when we hear back . Update : On Friday , Blackrun responded to GeekWire and provided this statement : " Blackrun Ventures joined a number of investors to participate in Siren 's $ 500,000 seed funding round . As the lead investor , we committed $ 225,000 , of which 75% was disbursed over the last 12 months following the completion of due diligence . We were committed to providing the remainder of the investment to support Siren 's expansion , and sent our consultant to work with the team on their strategic direction . Unfortunately , the founders made a decision on April 4th to close down the company . The dating app market is crowded and highly competitive , but our reasons for investing in Siren were strategic , and we were won over by the vision and passion of the company 's founders . Nevertheless , while we still see potential for the business , particularly internationally , we respect their decision . " " Despite the uncertainty shadowing us , we did our best to build on our momentum , doing everything within our power to stay afloat , " Lee wrote in the blog post . " But without a way to harness and distribute funds for expansion , we simply could not grow fast enough . The efforts of two co - founders alone were not enough to compete with the well - funded companies in this space . Unfortunately , this comes at a time when Siren showed strong traction -- relocation and expansion to New York , the formation of key partnerships , and user success stories that let us know we were onto something special . " Founded in 2014 by Lee and co - founder Katrina Hess , who served as COO , Siren differentiated itself from other dating apps by prioritizing women 's safety and allowing users to engage through their answers to daily questions provided by local businesses and local cultural icons . The app relied on conversation as a starting point rather than long profiles or photo surfing . " We ' ve created the first mobile platform designed for unexpected and constructive flirting , " Lee told GeekWire in 2014 . After winning the GeekWire App of the Year award in 2015 , Lee and Hess relocated Siren to New York City this past September as entrepreneurs - in - residence at the New Museum 's incubator program , NEW INC . Lee said the company was " pre - revenue , " but had a three - pronged revenue model vision that included online - to - offline partnerships with local businesses , paid subscriptions , and " psychometric data analysis of aggregate user responses . " The app had 38,000 registered users , with an 80 percent response rate to initial messages , Lee noted . Siren had raised $ 960,000 . Its only current employees are the two co - founders , who are both now back in Seattle . Here 's Lee 's full blog post : It is with heavy hearts -- and eyes to the future -- that we must announce that Friday , April 7 , 2017 , Siren will be closing our " doors . " While it 's not unusual for a startup to run out of money , the way we ran out was as unexpected as it was devastating . At the beginning of 2016 , we closed our round with a lead investor whose mission was to support female - centric companies and who saw the potential in Siren 's clear differentiation in a saturated market . Yet , as of this writing , a full calendar year later , they have not completed their obligation . Instead , we received small , unpredictable amounts , with the other investors courageously stepping forward . Through the dedication of these committed individuals we were able to continue development , however we could never plan beyond a few months , hindering growth , milestones , and new funding opportunities . Despite the uncertainty shadowing us , we did our best to build on our momentum , doing everything within our power to stay afloat . But without a way to harness and distribute funds for expansion , we simply could not grow fast enough . The efforts of two co - founders alone were not enough to compete with the well - funded companies in this space . Unfortunately , this comes at a time when Siren showed strong traction -- relocation and expansion to New York , the formation of key partnerships , and user success stories that let us know we were onto something special . Indeed , we are enormously proud of Siren 's accomplishments and impact . One of our goals was to change the course of this industry -- an industry historically run by men , rampant with harassment , objectification , and immaturity at every level . And as newer , better funded companies like Bumble and Hinge market themselves as relationship - friendly alternatives to Tinder , we can see how our early and persistent efforts to humanize the online dating space have influenced the conversation , and we hope this industry continues to grow in that direction . Every day our Question of the Day ( QOTD ) hosts brought a creative new question to the table , and as a result , Siren has amassed one of the best repositories of quality ice - breakers in online dating history . At the end of our run , our QOTD hosts included Arianna Huffington , Anita Sarkeesian , and Esther Perel . Working with these inspiring women was a dream come true for us , and we only wish we had the runway to match the rest of our hustle . Siren was a lightning rod for progressive spirit in the tech community , bringing together a dynamic group of advisors and investors whose fundamental integrity and respect for women 's issues is unparalleled and unique . It was only after meeting hundreds of people in tech that we could truly appreciate the courage and forward - thinking determination of everyone who signed on to help Siren make the tech world a more intuitive , humane place . Our advisors and investors rallied us on and supported us in our darkest days , and here at the end , they are with us , restating how honored they are to have been part of this venture . Siren 's story inspired over 200 pieces of press , from the front page of the Seattle Times to CNN , NPR and the Guardian , to Bustle , the Stranger and The Establishment . Durex reached out to us to partner on a marketing campaign # Connect that garnered over 37 million views . We won Geekwire 's App of the year , beating Starbucks and Alaska Airlines in 2015 . We presented at TEDx . We spoke at Grace Hopper , the world 's largest conference on women in technology , and we partnered with experimental marketing group Hello Velocity on a viral Tinder hack that satirized the objectification inherent in the swipe - to - reject model . We became entrepreneurs in residence at the New Museum 's incubator , NEW INC in New York City . And we accomplished all of this with a marketing budget of zero dollars and a team that never grew beyond 2 - 4 core members . Some founders of social networks have revealed that they began to dislike their members as they grew , a sentiment we found surprising , as we have always loved our community : a creative , optimistic , and thoughtful group who supported us from the very beginning , kindly reporting issues , enthusiastically sharing their beautiful success stories , and thanking us for helping them find someone who saw them in a real , intimate , and deeply human way . One woman told us that she had not been able to date for over seven years , and met a wonderful , kind man on Siren who had renewed her faith in relationships . Another wrote , " In March 2015 , I introduced myself to someone . I ' m happy to say two years later we 're still enjoying each other 's company and refer people to your app all the time . Thanks for a great , easygoing way to introduce yourself online . " Some jobs require a leap of faith to imagine that you are doing something meaningful in the world , but every time our members share a success story or their wedding photo with us , we knew the work we were doing was important . These are the people we knew we were fighting for . It was their chance , unexpected encounters that let us know our mission was worthwhile , and it is for that community most of all that we grieve this loss . Siren 's ethos of fostering real conversations in a comfortable space based on mutual respect will live on in our future projects forever . Follow us individually to hear what happens next , and thank you so very much for your enthusiasm , your partnerships , your hope for our success , and your sharing in our every triumph and struggle . We ca n't thank our community enough for standing beside us and showing the world that Siren 's mission was a vital presence in the history of online dating . Goodbye , and thanks for everything . Susie Lee & Katrina Hess Co - founders of Siren
Headed by the tech pioneer Hermann Hauser and joined by several other investors , kompany.com just secured a seven - digit investment . Founded in 2012 , kompany is the leading RegTech provider of authoritative Global Company Intelligence for Know Your Customer ( KYC ) and Anti Money Laundering ( AML ) . The fresh capital will be used to expand the global footprint to cover 150 million companies worldwide and to develop new leading regulatory technology such as an international Ultimate Beneficial Owner ( UBO ) analysis tool and an extended KYC Registry . The Vienna - based startup kompany provides real - time access to official and authoritative commercial register data , including company filings from more than 100 million companies in 150 + jurisdictions . The proprietary core engine ARTSS ( Adaptive Real - Time Semantic Search ) connects government registers and other KYC & AML sources and is surrounded by an application engine providing value added services such as professional translations , Politically Exposed Person ( PEP ) & Sanction list checks , enhanced VAT and IBAN number verification as well as monitoring & alerting services . The service can be accessed via a web for instant usage and an API which enables automated retrieval of authoritative company information . kompany operates under government licenses and the service fulfils the strongest regulatory requirements by providing an audit trail and documentary evidence of company status , ownership , management and history . The current client base of kompany includes 35,000 businesses from over 100 countries . The company 's services are already used by global banking groups , international accounting and law firms , and cross - border trading companies of all kind .
Joining a field already filled with the likes of Lyft and Uber , Mercedes wants to help populate streets with its own robo - taxis . Mercedes 's parent company Daimler has partnered with automotive supplier Bosch to create its own system of self - driving vehicles , which the companies hope hit the streets by 2020 . Mercedes and Bosch are going above and beyond : Rather than simply creating a fleet of autonomous cars , the alliance seeks to create a shared network of self - driving robo - taxis that can be hailed through a smartphone app . The companies ' new project plans to include both autonomous vehicles that require a human driver behind the wheel and ones that do not . The system and its fleet will be specifically designed for cities . With Daimler 's expertise in auto manufacturing and Bosch 's technology and hardware , the companies are in a good position to make a dent in the market . Daimler 's Mercedes - Benz has already been working on developing its own self - driving cars . And the German automaker has already gotten a taste of the car - sharing business with its company car2go and its mobility service subsidiary Moovel Group , which owns route planning startup RideScout and taxi booking app Mytaxi . Rose Leadem is an online editorial assistant at Entrepreneur Media Inc. SP
South Australian space startup Fleet has raised $ 5 million in a Series A round led by Blackbird Ventures , with participation from Earth Space Robotics , Silicon Valley firm Horizon Partners , and Atlassian 's Mike Cannon - Brookes . Founded in Adelaide in 2015 by Flavia Tata Nardini , Matt Pearson , and Dr Matthew Tetlow , the startup is working to launch a network of more than 100 nanosatellites to create a global network enabling low - bandwidth connectivity for Internet of Things ( IoT ) devices ; its aim is to connect the 75 billion devices expected to be online by 2025 for free . Italian Tata Nardini , a space engineer with the European Space Agency and Dutch research institute TNO , said though there is a lot of chatter about the potential of connected devices , little action is being taken to make things reality . " We 're designing a technology infrastructure that will underpin the new industrial revolution . It will connect all corners of the globe to create a digital nervous system of devices , " she said . Tata Nardini explained the startup chose to launch in Australia as the country is home to " many of the industries that need this type of technology the most " . " Farmers , environmentalists , mining and oil engineers , and logistics professionals will all greatly benefit from the data and opportunities a switched - on planet produces , " she explained . " Our goal is for industries to use this technology to make real , tangible efficiency improvements to the ways they operate and address issues ; be it measuring the effect of climate change on outer corners the Great Barrier Reef , or tracking important cargo like aid as it journeys across the Indian Ocean . " The fresh funding will help bring this vision to life , going towards building the startup 's first nanosatellites and exploring of global opportunities as understanding of the technology 's potential grows : Fleet is working in a similar space to international companies including Kepler Communications , Astrocast , and Sky and Space Global , an ASX - listed Israeli startup . Cannon - Brookes called the startup a " prime example of Australian - led innovation at its best " . " They 're rare , but every so often an idea cross your path that really gets the adrenaline pumping . Fleet answers one of modern society 's most difficult but important questions : how do we bring all the devices and technology we ' ve created together to work as one ? " Blackbird cofounder Niki Scevak , who will be joining the Fleet board as part of the firm 's investment , added , " We invest in Aussie startups with big ideas who want to be the best in the world . The team at Fleet have the credentials and strategy to make their dream a reality . Space was traditionally the province of governments but now startups can solve our largest problems through satellites and rockets because it 's so cheap and accessible . " Fleet is just one of a growing number of Australian space startups , which have flourished largely without government support ; while a recent report found every industry segment in Australia uses space - derived services and data in some form across their business activities , Australia does not have a national space agency . A white paper released in March by the Space Industry Association of Australia ( SIAA ) estimated that , with its 0.8 percent share of the global space economy , the Australian space sector currently produces annual revenues of between $ 3 - 4 billion , employing between 9,500 to 11,500 people . The SIAA believes the establishing of an Australian Space Agency by the government to lead a " cohesive national space strategy " could see these figures double within five years , with the Agency 's long - term aim to capture 4 percent of the world market within 20 years . Tata Nardini believes Australia is missing out by leaving space out of the conversation around innovation . " Australia is one of the largest economies in the world to not have its own space agency . Projects like this are crucial to our future as they test our creativity and ability to think big . If we 're not always asking what 's next , we 'll never really have a place in the innovation game . " Fleet plans to launch the first of its nanosatellites next year .
With many positions in technology expected to grow in the next decade , companies will be expanding their labor pools and will need to work hard to maintain its culture to retain employees . LinkedIn released the Top 50 U.S. Companies of 2017 list where people want to work . Data was gathered from their platform which included the number of people applying for jobs at companies , how many non - employees are viewing and asking to meet with a certain company 's employee , and if employees are sticking with their job . The analysis was only conducted on companies with over 500 employees within the last 12 months . With more tech - focused positions coming in the next decade , there is no surprise that more technology companies continue to be a focal point for employment . However , some companies on this list might surprise you as a desirable place to work considering the public outcry and media attention that some of these companies have faced with regard to diversity in tech , treatment of women or business practices . 1 . Alphabet - IT & Services 2 . Amazon - Internet 3 . Facebook - Internet 4 . Salesforce - Internet 5 . Uber - Internet 6 . Tesla - Automotive 7 . Apple - Consumer Electronics 8 . Time Warner - Entertainment 9 . Walt Disney - Entertainment 10 . Comcast NBCUniversal - Media Production Read Elon Musk quotes to keep you motivated SP 11 . Airbnb - Internet 12 . Netflix - Entertainment 13 . McKisey & Company - Management Consulting 14 . Dell Technologies - IT & Services 15 . Workday - Computer Software 16 . Under Armour - Sporting Goods 17 . Twitter - Internet 18 . CBRE - Real Estate 19 . Visa - IT & Services 20 . JP Morgan Chase & Co o - Financial Services Read our Startup Week coverage from around the U.S. powered by Chase SP 21 . JLL - Commercial Real Estate 22 . BlackRock - Financial Services 23 . Styker - Medical Devices 24 . Adobe - Computer Software 25 . Capital One - Financial Services 26 . Oracle - IT & Services 27 . Allergan - Pharmaceuticals 28 . Cisco - Computer Networking 29 . Verizon - IT & Services 30 . Tableau Software - Computer Software SP 31 . Leidos - IT & Services 32 . Fitbit - Health and Fitness 33 . Morgan Stanley - Financial Services 34 . Coca - Cola - Food & Beverages 35 . Yelp - Internet 36 . Deloitte - Management Consulting 37 . Booz Allen Hamilton - Management Consulting 38 . Lyft - Internet 39 . Splunk - Computer Software 40 . Pandora - Internet Read about all startups emerging out of WeWork SP 41 . WeWork - Hospitality 42 . Dropbox - Internet 43 . Gartner - IT & Services 44 . KPMG US - Financial Services 45 . UnitedHealth Group - Hospital & Healthcare 46 . Starbucks - Retail 47 . Box - Internet 48 . Edelman - PR & Communications 49 . Square - Internet 50 . Nordstrom - Retail Read more about finding a job and interview tips at Tech . Co
Global SME marketplace lender Bitbond today announced that it received a commitment from Obotritia Capital to fund loans worth EUR5 million through its platform . Additionally , Obotritia invested an undisclosed amount of equity to acquire a stake in Bitbond . Bitbond was founded in 2013 and shortly after its start the young company was able to win investors like Point Nine Capital . In 2015 we mentioned Bitbond as one of Europe 's hottest FinTech startups . A year later , in September 2016 Bitbond launched its automated scoring mechanism at Finovate New York . Ealier this year , the Berlin - based company secured EUR1.1 million additional funding . With the help of the new debt commitment , SME loans from European prime borrowers will be funded instantaneously on Bitbond . According to Bidbond , this will reduce the time it takes for business owners to apply and receive a loan to 30 minutes . The equity investment from Potsdam - based Obitritia will be used by Bitbond for further product development and marketing . Bitbond plans to continue growing its user base with online sellers and small businesses who need working capital financing . Over 1,700 loans worth EUR1.4 million were originated through Bitbond since its launch in 2013 . 90,000 users from 120 countries registered with the service to date . Founder & CEO of Bitbond Radoslav Albrecht said : " The debt commitment by Obotritia brings Bitbond to the next level in our efforts to provide universal SME financing . The next step is to work with partners . Such partners could be online marketplaces who want to add value to their platforms by giving their merchants access to instant cash through Bitbond . " In October 2016 Bitbond received their own regulatory licence by German financial services supervisor BaFin . Bitbond uses the bitcoin blockchain for payment processing and is one of the few fully regulated and licenced blockchain based financial services providers . Individual and institutional investors finance the loans of small business owners via Bitbond and by that get access to attractive interest rates . Most of the platform 's borrowers are online sellers who run their shops on e - commerce marketplaces like eBay , Amazon or Etsy . Bitbond conducts a machine learning based credit check which uses the revenue data of merchants . The loans are mostly used for inventory financing . Check out the video below to learn more : SP
At its Build 2017 developer conference , Microsoft today released Xamarin Live Player in preview . The company called the tool " a live coding environment , " which essentially means developers can build , test , and debug apps without having to install SDKs or emulators . You can install the Live Player extensions for both Visual Studio 2017 and Visual Studio 2017 for Mac right now and download the Xamarin Live Player apps from Google Play and Apple 's App Store . Here 's another way to look at Xamarin Live Player . Developers can already build for Android using Windows or Mac . Developing for iOS , however , requires a Mac . Xamarin Live Player removes that requirement and instead asks you for an iPhone and Visual Studio 2017 for Windows . SP Microsoft acquired mobile app development company Xamarin in February 2016 . The following month , the company integrated Xamarin into Visual Studio for free . But that does n't mean Xamarin is n't still cranking out new features and services . Xamarin Live Player allows developers to simply download an Android or iOS app and start coding . All you need is Visual Studio and a physical Android or iOS device . There is no need to install SDKs and emulators to get started -- just download an app , pair your device with Visual Studio by scanning a QR code , and hit " debug " like you normally would . SP The app will be deployed to Xamarin Live Player in the background , enabling you to develop and test your changes without having to recompile and redeploy the app . You can set break points and debug your app , on device and over the air . There 's even a Live Run Current View mode that lets you modify your C # or XAML code so that the current view is redeployed as you develop . Microsoft may have bought Xamarin to integrate its developer tools , but , at least for now , the company is still letting those employees push the limits like they did at the startup .
I have heard about OptoForce many times in the last couple of years , lately in October , related to their new investment raised from Denmark . I accidentally bumped into and get acquainted with the CEO , Akos Domotor at an event last month in Budapest , and asked him for this interview . Since I already know one of their investors very well , DayOne Capital ( national winner of the ' Investor of the Year ' category in Hungary at Central European Startup Awards in both 2015 and 2016 ) , I also asked Aurel Pasztor to join the conversation . What is your personal story , Akos ? Where do you come from ? I am actually not one of the original founders , I studied both technical topics and business . After graduation I got a job at LEGO working in many different countries . After a while , I got a bit bored and had the idea of joining a smaller company for a better impact . The founders of OptoForce found me on LinkedIn , and soon after that I was offered with the CEO position after the second round of the interviews . Aurel adds : OptoForce was practically a university spinoff with 2 technical founders when we invested and even from the very first day the investors ( Finext Ventures and us ) had been looking for a CEO . First they got a headhunter who found a guy who looked perfect on paper , but that time they only had a technology without a defined product , and no idea how a product should look like . It was a long journey before we could find Akos and Peter Fodor ( + ) , the advisor of Finext Ventures was the one who had the feeling that however Akos was not perfect on paper , he was the one they were looking for . Who are your competitors ? As mentioned earlier , in the beginning it was hard to define the product , so we are actually happy to have competitors now . SP It 's a relatively small industry , there is ATI Industrial Automation , pretty much the only one on the market from the USA , creating special sensors , but they never managed to make them user friendly as much as we do . Robotiq is a Canadian company who introduced their first sensors about the same time as we did , and I can also mention a Japanese company , WACOH - TECH . What would you do differently from today 's perspective ? The most important part so far was to find our market . We probably could have done it better , but the way we did it , trying to sell then see how the market reacted was a very useful way . The technology was very interesting in the beginning , but the sales and marketing skills were completely missing . Next time if I start a company , we will immediately start asking customers what they need . Who are the founders ? What is their background ? They are Akos Tar and Jozsef Veres , used to be fellow students , working together during their master studies and even shared their room . They started doing it as a pet project at the university and their biggest pain was how to solve the problem of robots making steps ( start walking ) as all the solutions out they were too expensive . Since there was no affordable solution to sense that a robot was balanced , they went on to their PhD studies and decided to carry on their pet project and kept developing it throughout their studies and after graduation they decided not to join a company but to start a company around it . They met an angel investor , Zsolt Szigetlaki who introduced them to Finext , and in the end they seed invested all together with DayOne . This first round was 600k EUR , the second one we have just realised was coming from Enrico Krog Iversen , together with another round of investment from DayOne and Finext . How does the team look like ? What is the size and the setup ? It is changing day to day , yesterday was 16 , today 18 . Most of the people are electrical engineers , computer scientists and some people on sales . Most of the production is outsourced and the top of that ( like calibration ) is kept in house . Can you tell a bit more about the business model ? We are now in the switch from selling to academia ( research institutes ) to selling through robotic distributors and system integrator to factories . How about your financials ? Our revenue figures : we have made 500k EUR revenue this year , and the plan is to multiply it each coming year . We have been close to cashflow positive in the last few months . How did you find each other with Enrico Krog Iversen ? He was looking for new investment opportunities . This industry is fairly small and well connected , and we got introduced to each other by Invest in Odense . Enrico had been in the industrial automation business and that 's what we were looking for as a background in our investors , so it was a very good match . How do you see your situation as a startup coming from the CEE region ? Was it more challenging to raise money in the Nordics ? Disadvantages , perhaps advantages ? I used to work a lot in Denmark , Danish people make things / decisions simpler . If we were in Denmark or Germany we would be probably much more confident in ourselves . On the other hand , it does help a lot that wages in Hungary are lower as we could hire more smart people from the same budget . I know about a company in Denmark with the same revenue stream and they have only 3 people hired full time , so we could hire 5 times as many . Aurel adds : it 's more helpful if a startup has direct access to industry players locally . We tried reaching out to big industrial players in Hungary but we had to realise that very often they were simply not the right people to talk to . Most of the decisions were made at the R&D departments in the headquarters . What is your next big goal to achieve ? We are now working very hard to attract system integrators / distributors - 20 of them signed up now , and we are reaching out to 50 early 2017 . To achieve that , we need products easier to use , and better software for more complex solutions . We are hiring engineers , software developers , mechanical engineers to build solutions for more types of robots . How much help did you get from your local investors ? The most important is that they have been forcing us to focus on the most important questions and provided us with external control to keep it up . Aurel adds : we usually do n't step into operational roles at a company , but now it happened and turned out well . We made many introductions , connected the company to other investors , though we had to turn some of them down , those negotiations also helped the company . Now as they are hiring the key people and we try to keep them on focus . Aurel : sitting on the other side of the table , what did you see in Optoforce that made you interested in them as an investor ? I first met them at an event called Startup Undergrund , and the previously mentioned angel investor Zsolt Szigetlaki was also very excited about them . No one we asked has ever seen similar technology before . The 2 guys looked very serious about their project , and seemed to be willing to work very hard for this . We never had any attitude issues that we sometimes had with others . These guys never really panic and keep on pushing it , which is great .
John Roa is a serial tech entrepreneur and long time Chicagoan . He got his entrepreneurial start by creating a computer repair business at 14 and hasn't stopped since . Last year , he sold AKTA , his tech - consulting and design firm , to Salesforce . SP Now John is planning to invest in other Chicago startups via Roa Ventures , a fund that focuses on " early - stage investments , projects and experiments " . He has also created the non - profit , Digital Hope , and enjoys playing competitive poker and traveling extensively . In This Episode , you 'll learn about how John got started as an entrepreneur , why he started AKTA and where the name comes from , what he attributes the success of AKTA to , and how he made the the decision to sell AKTA . Plus , we 'll discuss whether or not he would take venture capital if he could do it again , the problems he sees in taking venture capital , why he 's investing instead of starting another startup , and his criteria for his next startup . Finally , we delved deeper into what draws John to travel ( he 's been to 50 + countries ) , how to build a brand as a new angel investor , the similarities between poker and startups , what Chicago tech is good at and what we could improve on , and why he does n't believe in giving advice . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON GOOGLE PLAY SP Read more about inspiring interviews here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
On - demand laundry has proven a tough business for some . Washio folded up its business last year , selling its assets into competitor Rinse . At the time Rinse 's founder Ajay Prakash told TechCrunch the on - demand model was n't the most efficient or economical way to handle the dirty business of cleaning clothes . But now Mulberrys , a new cleaning competitor in the Bay Area , hopes to prove him wrong by mixing old - fashioned brick - and - mortar stores with an on - demand platform . SP Related Articles Buying Washio 's assets , Rinse cleans up part of the on - demand laundry market Washio on - demand laundry service shuts down operations Mulberrys just launched out of beta this week with 10 physical locations and a fleet of drivers to serve the city of San Francisco , but it 's been up and operating in Minneapolis for the last few years . SP Founder Dan Miller started the business as a McKinsey consultant but soon left to go to the School of Drycleaning Technology to learn how to press all those fancy suits he 'd been wearing up to that point . " I was consistently amazed by how far behind the dry cleaning and laundry industry was from what you 'd think of as just modern best practices . A lot of dry cleaners do n't even have a website , " Miller said . He soon built himself a more modernized operation but with a twist . Mulberrys offers dry cleaning on top of laundry service and Miller 's business controls the pipeline from pickup service to cleaning and delivery . All cleaning is done in - house and workers are employees , not contractors . This may have been where Washio fumbled as there is a high cost in turnover and retention of third - party workers in the on - demand space . We should point out Rinse also hires within rather than trying to recruit contractors . Miller is to a point now where , along with the Silicon Valley rollout , he 's looking to raise some smart money for his startup -- to the tune of around $ 20 million . He might have a good shot at convincing investors . Unlike a lot of other startups in Silicon Valley , Miller says his business did n't take VC dollars . It 's been profitable for years . According to Miller , maintaining control over every aspect of the business has helped to increase Mulberrys margins while providing a seamless customer experience . Mulberrys works like a lot of other laundry startups . You pick a day and time for laundry pick - up and a Mulberrys worker comes to take it , cleans it and hands it back to you usually within the same day . But , unlike Rinse , you can get a Mulberrys driver to pick up your laundry morning or night , not just within a two - hour evening window . SP So how does that experience actually fare ? I tested it out while it was in beta . There were a few kinks , as to be expected . The driver tried to pick up my laundry twice in one day and the app did n't have the day I wanted for my area . But all of that seems to have been solved with the launch this week . You can choose any day or time for pick up in your zip code now . They also dry cleaned a purple blouse for me , getting most , but not all , of the oil stain out . The Mulberrys delivery person explained to me she 'd be able to get all of it out if they had another day but that next day was impossible . Though she did readily offer to clean it again for free to get the job done . Miller also points out his cleaning business uses environmentally friendly cleaning products . And each bag of laundry you submit goes through a 10-point inspection process so you should n't find any ... odd ... items in your bag when it 's delivered back to you . Will this one make it ? Mulberrys will have to compete with at least one other service in the Bay Area for now , but there seems to be plenty of tech workers willing to pay for someone else to do the cooking , cleaning and washing of clothes for them at the click of a button in SF .
The Malaysian Digital Economy Corporation ( MDEC ) , a Malaysian government body tasked with transitioning the country towards a digital economy by 2020 , has announced the development of new digital startup hubs and incentives that it hopes will attract Australian startups to the country . SP Four digital hubs are planned to be built , with startups operating within the hubs to be given access to global tech giants operating in the country such as Uber , Google , Microsoft and Alibiba , in addition to collaboration opportunities with the local startups . SP MDEC CEO Yasmin Mahmood said that the hubs , which are to be run by the private sector , are intended for Australian startups both new and established . " We 're talking about startups that are operating from the whole spectrum , companies who are looking to get seed funding to develop their product and commercialise , all the way to the big companies looking to expand , " said Mahmood . Mahmood explained that the hubs are one of the MDEC 's initiatives to help champion the digital economy of the country , a process which is forwarded by startups . " We know the development of the digital economy is very much attributed to the startups who are taking up new innovative opportunities . Australian startups , from what I ' ve read and especially from what I ' ve seen , have a very good quality . Like in Malaysia , Australia startups are looking to adopt a global mindset , " said Mahmood . Hitting the global market is a key focus the organisation believes will not only help provide opportunities for evolving Malaysia 's evolving digital economy , but the Australian startups too , who will be able to use Malaysia as a springboard to expand into the wider region of southeast Asia and its network of accelerators and VCs . " It 's really a market that is ripe for consumer adoption as well as enterprise adoption . We 're moving forward with the proposition that we have to go global , and to do that involves moving beyond regions , " said Mahmood . The Association of Southeast Asia region , which encapsulates Indonesia , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , Malaysia , Vietnam , Laos , Burma , Brunei and Cambodia , is expected to grow at seven percent per annum , with GDP estimated to reach US$ 4.7 million by 2020 as the region pushes to become the fourth largest economy in the world by 2013 , according to a statement from Lao Prime Minister , Thongloun Sisoulith , issued last year . " It 's a low hanging fruit I 'd say , to use Malaysia as a launching pad into the Asia region , especially considering Malaysia has a solid market , " said Mahmood . " The whole digital economy has so much potential for disruptive business models to be created that tackle the emerging market . " Facing a massive decline in oil and export industry , Mahmood described the market troubles within ASEAN as unique compared to much of the western world , explaining that innovation hubs like Silicon Valley are , much differently , focused on things such as tackling the globalisation of China . " The western world does n't necessarily understand the problems of the emerging market . The hub will help connect Australian communities with ASEAN to help tackle some of these and help the market grow , " she said . To help incentivise Australian startups to join the new hub , the MDEC is offering a ten year tax exemption for startups that make the move , in addition to an easier - to - access " entrepreneur visa " , which will support both long and short stays in the country . SP Speaking about the incentives , Mahmood said she hopes they will help draw not only new startups to Malaysia , but established startups looking to move , and mentors looking to work beside them . SP
Anyone who 's somehow become the designated coordinator for pulling together office cakes , cards , and gifts for birthdays , farewells , and other occasions - you know it 's usually the same person every time - knows how time - consuming the task can be , particularly wrangling everyone in the office to sign a card and put in for the gift . SP Here to help save time is Where 's the Card , helping users coordinate card buying , signing , and delivery in a big office . SP As one might expect , the idea came to Esther Halvey from her own experiences organising group cards for various occasions in the workplace , from birthdays to farewells . " I always found the process pretty painful and a real time waster ; passing a card across multiple floors and buildings and trying to keep track of who had signed it , " she said . Halvey worked on a number of concepts while completing a course at the Founder Institute , but kept coming back to this idea , keen to create a simple solution to an existing problem . A user organising a card will head to the website , find the appropriate occasion and card they like , and fill in a form in which they can list the email addresses of those who need to sign a card . If a collection is required for a gift , they can provide bank details for the transfer of funds . Those whose emails were listed will then receive a notification asking them to go sign the card and contribute any money for a gift , which the card organiser can keep track of by logging into their account or choosing to receive notifications each time someone donates . Once the number of messages or funding amount is reached , the card will be printed and delivered to the organiser by the specified date , with the funds transferred into their bank account . Key to the service are the cards themselves and the artwork on them . " This is an important aspect for me as I see the product offering as not just a time saving and convenient process but also a unique and beautiful card that can be treasured by the recipient , " Halvey said . She explained she is currently working with a handful of designers to create a boutique range of cards that " fit in with the company 's voice while also offering enough diversity in terms of style and taste " . Artists receive a percentage of sale of a card featuring their artwork . Costing $ 20 , Halvey said the service is aimed at workplaces of any kind where they may be a " where there is a large group of people who value each other enough to mark life 's special occasions and milestones " . The company will also create a subscription offering for companies regularly needing cards . To further expand Where 's the Card 's offering , Halvey said she will be looking at adding gifts for purchase with the card , initially looking at vouches for department stores and later collaborations with florists and chocolatiers . Where 's the Card is just the latest in a line of startups to launch in the gift space . Sydney platform The Gift Concierge Co has created a personalised gift buying service for those that lack the time or inspiration to do it themselves , while The Gift Collective is an online platform effectively helping someone crowdfund their perfect gift . SP Then there 's Thankly , an online platform looking to bring back the old school thank you note by allowing a user to personalise a note online that will then be handwritten and sent on to the recipient , with a small range of gifts also available for customers to send along with the note . SP The handwritten factor is what the service is focused on ; Where 's the Card , meanwhile , prints its messages . Competing more directly with Where 's the Card are established players Yellow Postie and Moonpig , which offers personalised cards and mugs . However , these services are focused on cards and gifts being sent by one person rather than a group . The old school , traditional newsagent is also a competitor , and while the $ 20 fee charged by Where 's the Card might initially seem a bit steep for a card , a nice one could set you back up to $ 10 , while a larger card to accommodate more messages can cost around $ 15 . In a big office where birthdays and other occasions seem to come up every few weeks , the time saving for the person who is always stuck with organising the card and gift could be significant . " My primary goal for the online message collection solution is to offer significant time saving for the organiser and convenience for the signers . I also wanted to make sure that the recipient would receive a unique card , beautifully designed with a high quality finish , printed and delivered to their door . Ultimately I wanted to remove the headache but keep the love , " Halvey said . Over the coming months , Halvey will be looking to grow Where 's the Card 's customer base and look at expanding its offering .
Oracle , the San Francisco - based cloud applications company , has announced plans to expand its Start - up Cloud Accelerator programme to Bristol . Based at Bristol 's Engine Shed , the programme will provide UK start - ups with six months of mentoring from industry experts , a co - working space , access to Oracle customers , partners and investors and free Oracle Cloud credits . The Start - up Cloud Accelerator programme will aim to drive cloud - enabled innovation and " reimagine how enterprises help start - ups grow and contribute to the UK and global economy " . It will work closely with organisations and institutions in the city such as the University of Bristol , SETsquared business incubator and Invest Bristol and Bath . Dermot O'Kelly , senior vice president of Oracle UK and Ireland , commented : " Bristol has one of the most vibrant and exciting start - up ecosystems around today . We will be working as part of this buoyant community to support local start - ups and nurture new waves of development and talent here in the UK , and ensure we continue to build upon the heritage we have in leading global innovation . " Julian David , CEO of techUK , commented : " Oracle 's support of the UK cloud ecosystem will be welcome news to start - ups across the UK . Increasing the adoption and use of cloud technologies is key not only to the growth of the IT sector , but also the digital transformation and expansion of organisations of all size in all industries across the economy . "
Dutch mobile health startup SkinVision is proud to reveal its new algorithm that can detect most common forms of deadly skin cancer . Previously focused on detecting melanoma skin cancer , the app can now identify Basal Cell Carcinoma ( BCC ) and Squamous Cell Carcinoma ( SCC ) too , the first app ever to do that . Across the world , more than one billion people are at risk of developing skin cancer at some point in their lives . Helping them prepare is a selected group of dermatologists . For example 10,000 in the US and only 550 in the UK . SP SkinVision 's new algorithm will help provide people with a means to assess moles for risk indication on demand to save time and lives . Users can download the app for free and can perform a number of free assessments as well . SkinVision establishes communication between users and their doctors to monitor skin lesions with a personal archive that can be used as reference during visits , saving time and improving efficiency for dermatologists . " Our mission is to empower people to early detect skin cancer , which is highly important for possible treatment options , " says SkinVision founder and CEO Erik de Heus . " We aim to save 250,000 lives in the next decade . " Melanoma is a type of skin cancer that forms in the cells responsible for skin pigmentation , known as melanocytes . Although it is less common than other forms of skin cancer , it is much more aggressive . In the United States alone , melanoma accounts for more than , 10,000 of the 13,000 deaths caused by skin cancer each year . Research shows that 5,4 million non - melanoma skin cancer cases are identified every year in the US . SkinVision has now expanded its remit to identify and alert people to these non - melanoma cancers , like BCC and SCC cancers , too . " Our new algorithm can recognize nine in every 10 cases of deadly skin cancer , " de Heus continues . " This is because our latest research shows 88 per cent sensitivity towards melanoma skin cancer . Our work has been scientifically tested in the leading dermatology clinic at Ludwig - Maximilians - Universitat Clinic in Munich , Germany . SkinVision is available for both iPhone and Android ( Samsung S4 and up only for now ) here . The app can be used worldwide except in the US , although the company indicates it will be arriving there soon . SP
Startups are n't all free food , goodie bags and foosball tables , and neither are they solely staffed by developers and entrepreneurs . They encompass a wide spectrum of cultures and career opportunities . " The nice thing about that is that every startup is looking for something different , so there is a startup out there that is looking for your skill set , " says Hepburn . Her preferred description is the one proposed by Paul Graham , the computer scientist and venture capitalist behind Viaweb , the world 's first application service provider ( ASP ) : " A startup is a company designed to grow fast . Being newly founded does not in itself make a company a startup , nor is it necessary for a startup to work on technology , take venture funding or have some sort of exit . The only essential thing is growth . Everything else we associate with startups follows from growth . " " It does n't matter what your skillset is or what they do , they all only want one specific thing , " says Hepburn . " Humans . They 're trying to foster their own culture , and every culture will be different for every company . What 's really cool about this is that now more than ever it is not only about what you know , but who you are as a person . What do you bring to the table ? What are your skills ? What is your demographic ? " You need to start thinking about what it is . Not every startup is looking for the free agent forward thinking innovator who loves autonomy , never needs to be managed , can sit on a beach in the Bahamas and get all the work done . Not every startup is looking for that . " If you showcase who you are an as individual they can see how you 'll fit into the culture and interact with the team . " There are so many startups out there and finding a job regardless of where you 're looking can be really hard and time - consuming , so you need to start identifying what it is you actually want , " says Hepburn . She recommends that startup jobseekers write a list of whatever they liked in their previous jobs and studies , whether it 's work tasks , office environment , colleagues or social aspects and to then do the exact same thing for the things you hated . Highlight the non - negotiables to establish your professional priorities Traditional recruitment agencies and CV libraries such as Reed , Monster and Indeed are n't always the richest sources of startup jobs . The reason why ? " It 's bloody expensive , " says Hepburn . " It costs the company anything between 10 - 20 percent of your annual salary to hire you through a recruitment company . Most startups do n't have that money , and even if they did , they 'd rather spend that money on something else . So they 're using alternative methods . " Recruitment agencies are n't entirely barren plains , but they 're time - consuming to search and a CV rarely reveals who you are . Job boards yield fertile lands . They allow recruitment agencies to post relevant roles or let you apply directly to the hiring company . AngelList , Jobbio , Unicorn Hunt and Tech City Jobs all advertise a wide selection of startup jobs . Tech mailing lists are another avenue , and the production costs force companies to post their job advertisements strategically . " The chances are if you 're reading a mailing list , you 're the demographic they 're looking to hire , " explains Hepburn . " So take a punt and apply . " Do n't neglect to search through a company 's cheapest place to advertise : its own website . The list of operating startups is constantly changing . Tech Britain provides a comprehensive map of the country 's startup community and lets user search by industry to find the sector in which they 're most interested . Even if a company that you love is not advertising a role , you can reach out to them regardless . If it does n't result in a job immediately , it may still do in future . Startups tend to grow organically , expanding an idea devised by friends into a team composed of former colleagues and acquaintances . " A lot of hiring through startups happens through a referral process of people they know , " says . " So how do you get hired ? You get into their network . " You do n't have to stalk them at their yoga class . Networking events take place every day . They can be found through Meetup groups such as Find a Tech Job , communities such as Circle , and mailing lists devised by working spaces or organisations such as General Assembly . The events often centre on a talk , but the networking drinks afterwards provide a better chance to meet people and learn about their companies . Even if it does n't lead directly to your dream job , meeting people who have found theirs can help teach you how to get yours . At the very least , being an active member of a community will be a useful addition to your CV . The CV needs to reflect the requirements of the job that you 're applying for , so it may need modifications for different individual roles . Cover letters are another important document to attract a potential employee 's attention . " I say short and sweet but you need to not only tell them why you are good for the role , you need to tell them why you chose them , " Hepburn suggests . " Why out of all the startups in the world , do you want to work for them ? People want people who want to work there . It 's hard , it 's long hours , it 's smaller teams , people have to get their hands dirty , so you need to write in that cover letter why it is . " Lacking a specific skill does n't mean that you ca n't learn it . Sometimes showing your interest and passion is more important than your qualifications . Global corporations may boast massive HR departments , but they 'll likely be small ones at a startup , if there 's any HR team at all . The head of the department will often be the person responsible for recruitment . " The marketing team needs to grow ? The marketing manager is probably looking for a candidate , " says Hepburn . " They have a full - time job to do and they have to recruit you . Once you ' ve joined , their workload will probably drop , but they ' ve got to get the work done . So if you ping them an email , drop an application and you do n't hear back , it does n't mean they do n't like you . " Recruitment is a skill and they might not have the time or training to do it efficiently . Sometimes when startups are growing fast they hire new roles without knowing exactly what they are looking for , so talk to them and offer your own advice . They 'll value your feedback and honesty even if you think that they do n't need you . It might lead them to remember you when they 're looking for a more appropriate role . Whichever part of the application of the application process you 're at , do n't be afraid to follow up . Hepburn likes to receive an email reminder a week after the initial contact . " But then I also have a three strike rule , " she adds . " If after three times they do n't get back to you , move on . One , they obviously know whether to respond , and two , you ' ve got better things to do . " Do n't burn your bridges if you do n't get your job , as they may still want you in the future . Staying in touch could have further career benefits . " Keep that connection open , stay in their network , " says Hepburn . " One , they could actually phone you up at a later date and you could go work for them , and two , the industry is actually smaller than you think and they could refer you into other roles . "
Making sales is rarely a piece of cake for most businesses , but for startups in particular , who have to sell products or services that the marketplace may not yet see the need for or even understand , sales is a particular challenge . The job is made harder by the fact that it 's difficult to find talented people who actually want to do it , with most attracted to established companies where the commissions are plentiful . Looking to help ease the pain by connecting startups in need to qualified salespeople looking for new career opportunities is Melbourne startup SalesTribe , founded by Graham and Doug Hawkins . The idea came to Graham while researching his book , The Future of the Sales Profession . Through his research , Graham found that one million of the 4.5 million business - to - business ( B2B ) sales jobs in the US are projected to be axed by 2020 ; translated to Australia , that trend will affect 96,300 B2B salespeople . " Consequently , salespeople need to reinvent , repurpose and reconnect themselves . As the market continues to shrink for B2B salespeople , startups require flexible , on - demand sales capability to achieve those initial , early revenue streams needed to survive and grow , " Graham said . " Startup founders with little or no sales experience often fail in managing specialist sales resources as they do n't know what to look for . In addition , the dynamic nature of startups requires agility to flex up and down as the business changes direction , grows and expands . " Thinking both sides need the other , Graham went about creating SalesTribe . For startups , the first step is having SalesTribe provide them with an assessment of their go - to - market plans , with recommendations made around how they can optimise execution with people , processes , and technology . " We offer a full service sales and marketing capability to assist startups that do n't know where to start when it comes to sales and marketing . SalesTribe gives founders their time back to focus on building their business , while we drive sales and help them grow , " Graham said . Salespeople , meanwhile , are taken through " a range of assessments and programs " , explained Graham , that allow SalesTribe to vet them , and understand their skillsets and how or when they may be able to add the most value to a startup . Salespeople can also work with mentors to help them become " startup ready " . Among the other offerings available to salespeople are a ' personal branding package ' for $ 900 , a resume review for $ 470 , a LinkedIn profile optimisation for $ 200 , and career planning for $ 600 . Some of these services may seem like they would be self explanatory , but they 're there working with the idea that salespeople often do n't know how to sell themselves , particularly to the buzzword - loving tech crowd . SalesTribe then matches the startup - ready salespeople with startups and small businesses in need , able to provide businesses with talent on a flexible or on - demand basis . In looking to bring salespeople on board , Graham said SalesTribe is looking for talent that fits three broad personas , ranging from the older , more experienced sales professional to the younger , tech - savvy millennial , reaching them through channels such as LinkedIn . The platform launched earlier this month , announcing it has also been selected to take part in the UK Government Department for International Trade 's Global Entrepreneur Programme , which helps startups relocate their businesses to the UK . " Compared to Australia , the UK has eight times the market size of salespeople and three times the market size for startups , " Graham said . " The UK DIT Global Entrepreneur Program is already providing significant value to SalesTribe with market entry planning , contacts , and advisory . " As it gears up to launch in the UK later this year , SalesTribe will look to continue building out , testing , and refining its offering locally .
Having a mentor while building a business can help founders get through the tough challenges of startup life and give them a heads up on what 's around the corner . Jacqueline Ros , CEO and founder of Revolar , talks about what she learned at Techstars and having Brian Cornell , Target 's CEO as a valuable mentor . This summer , I was honored to have Brian Cornell , the CEO of Target , as a lead mentor to Revolar . I had no idea what to expect when I first met Brian . I had , of course , read all about him and was excited to meet the man who had gone undercover in his own business to hear out what his guests truly wanted . I 'll never forget our first meeting . I wanted to learn from him what it took to be the CEO of a massive business and a ubiquitous brand . My first question was , " What does it take ? " His answer caught me off guard and still makes me smile . In essence , Brian told me that a CEO needs to be very self - contained , calm in the midst of chaos , and you ca n't let what is happening in one area impact your ability to focus on what is in front of you . During my first few weeks at Target HQ , I noticed employees taking a lot of pride . I saw his team take pride in having stood on the right side of history , pride in the innovation he was bringing to Target . But I knew that could not have been an easy decision to make , so I asked him , " Why ? " His answer moved me . Brian walked me through the history of Target . He told me it was in their DNA to give back to communities . Since day one , Target has given 5 percent of their profits back to the community . That 's millions of dollars every week ! I also learned that Target was also the first retailer to feature African American models in its advertising ? Brian taught me that it was in their DNA to care . During our next meeting , I asked him about communication and how he bests communicates new things to his team . Communication in any business is difficult , but I could n't even fathom what that looks like with 340,000 employees . He told me to keep my communication simple enough that a child could follow along . People have a million things running through their minds and it 's your job to make the message as simple and concise as possible so that a wide and diverse group of people can immediately follow along . Continuing our discussion on presenting information , Brian told me that I should break it down into three areas : thoughts , learnings and actions . SP There 's one thing about mentorship that I think many people misunderstand . It 's not a take - take relationship and it 's not about having someone 's ear . Mentors are friends whose advice you actually take . Mentorship is friendship with a focus . They are the friends that help turn your hurdles into leaps of progress . My team and I have made friendships this summer that will span the rest of our lives . We ' ve made friendships that have positively impacted not only the trajectory of our business , but helped us grow as individuals . The best part ? Mentorship , like friendship , does n't end just because the program is over . Thank you to Brian and to all of our Target mentors for an incredible summer I 'll never forget ! Read more about the benefits of a mentor at Tech . Co . This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
Payments company Square has revealed some figures around its growth in Australia since the local launch of its card reader last year , stating that over 60,000 businesses are using one or more of its products . Its suite of products includes the Square Reader , payment APIs , Square Invoices , and an employee management tool . The company , which opened an office in Melbourne in late 2015 , stated that it is seeing an average weekly growth of 13 percent in transactions processed with Square across its product range . Within that , it is recording 10 percent weekly average growth in invoices paid online with Square and over 20 percent weekly average growth in ecommerce transactions processed through its APIs . Ben Pfisterer , Square 's Australia country manager , said , " Australia 's 2.2 million small to medium - sized businesses are critical to productivity , creating jobs and helping to grow our economy . " We 're proud to be building a powerful and accessible point of sale and payments ecosystem that enables over 60,000 Australian sellers to leverage one or more of our world - class products to grow their businesses . " The company reported particularly strong growth in Tasmania and Western Australia , where it is growing at an " above average rate " ; both states have recorded over 100 percent quarterly average growth in new sellers . Square 's target market has traditionally been sole traders and micro and small businesses , with over 80 percent of sellers on Square not accepting card payments through a traditional payment terminal prior to using Square . However , Square is also seeing a " strong push upmarket " facilitated by the launch of new features such as employee and location management , allowing employers to clock in and out and managers to see transactions processed by each employee to better schedule employees . Also recently released was a virtual terminal , allowing users to key in card details via their browser and send a personalised digital receipt to customers , while its payment APIs and integrations with 25 partners , including ecommerce partners such as BigCommerce and WooCommerce , have also opened up another market . While Square launched in the UK just this past March , Australia has been an advanced market for the company since it arrived . Australia was the second launch market for its Build with Square APIs , introduced locally earlier this year , and the Square contactless card reader , introduced last September . Pfisterer previously told Startup Daily , " [ Australia is ] seen as a really advanced market not only from a small business perspective ... we know Australian businesses are some of the most tech - savvy there are with a great uptake of new tech , cloud - based systems , but also from a payments innovation perspective . " Among the products that have not yet made the move down under , however , are Square Payroll and Square Capital , a small business lending service . Square is due to report its earnings for the first quarter of 2017 later this month . It reported earnings of US$ 452 million for the last quarter of 2016 , surpassing the expected US$ 450 million . The company also last month agreed to hire several employees from shuttering social networking startup Yik Yak and acquire a non - exclusive license to some of its intellectual property for US$ 1 million .
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has launched a startup accelerator programme to help late - stage healthtech startups get their technology adopted by the National Health Service ( NHS ) . Speaking to Techworld , Dr Hamish Graham , a practicing surgeon and London manager for the Pfizer Healthcare Hub , said it " will provide a platform for start - ups to harness Pfizer 's global network , enabling them to get access to our expertise , understanding and guidance . We hope , with our support , that they 'll be able to reach their goals and get their innovations adopted within the health service . " SP Pfizer says tech like healthcare devices , apps , wearables and virtual reality is potentially transformational for the healthcare industry . The initial programme will help just three startups , and is focusing on companies which have developed a product or service ready for use by healthcare professionals . Graham gave the example of a startup that has made a wearable with a CE mark or software proven in one area , say law or education , and is interested in entering the healthcare space , as the sort of solutions they are looking for . Startups in healthcare face an enormous challenge when it comes to getting their products adopted by the sprawling NHS , but the potential rewards are massive . " You have to understand their language if you want to get your tech adopted there , " Graham said , " You have to understand their priorities and it is a challenge for a lot of startups . They can be fluent in their coding , product development and put a great team together but they then struggle to expand to hospital two , three and four , because they need to communicate their value in a way that a manager can understand it . " He does recognise that no one solution will be a silver bullet for the NHS 's digital struggles . Bluntly : " If you believed you could find a silver bullet , and get it into the NHS in twelve months , you would n't understand the NHS well enough . You ca n't do that journey in your bedroom , you have to be out there working with hospitals , IT departments and patients . " Naturally Pfizer is n't the only big four pharmaceutical company casting its eye towards healthtech in the drive for innovation . AstraZeneca recently launched a tie - up with UK healthtech startup Umotif , which focuses on digital patient data capture techniques for doctors and clinical researchers . GlaxoSmithKline is also looking towards the technology sector to try and improve its data capture for clinical researchers . The drugmaker was reportedly in talks with US chip maker Qualcomm last year to more efficiently collect and analyse data from clinical trials . GSK 's consumer health division is also looking for " patent - protected innovations in early- or late - stage development " in four areas : " medication adherence , health and symptom tracking , diagnosis / self - selection and treatment . " The drugmaker wants these digital tools to compliment its existing over the counter medicines and in exchange offers " GSK 's deep understanding of consumers and clinical research experience . " The difference with Pfizer 's approach is that it does n't necessarily want to license or " co - create " solutions with these startups , rather than simply help them get to market . " What is important for Pfizer is we 're not taking any equity and do n't want to own anyone 's IP and they can work with anyone they want to , " Graham said . " If you look at some of the other accelerators , they are quite big on mandatory training requirements and contact time and they may have KPIs around growth or employment in an area , we 're not tied by any of those strings . " Graham realises the Pfizer name does n't always have positive connotations . " We could be intimidating to small companies , " he admits . " I can say that we do n't want IP or equity but I ' m not sure how many smaller companies are ready to trust us with that message . " By starting with just three companies Pfizer says it will be able to offer them personalised support , whether they need help with marketing , health expertise or just a rolodex . " What we are trying to do is spend enough time with them making sure they have the assets they need and knowing what to say or who to say it to and getting them out there in front of the right people to get that tech adopted , " Graham said . In terms of internal measures of success for the programme Graham says they have just one key performance indicator ( KPI ) : " To get the tech adopted by NHS trusts . At the end of 12 months that 's how we know if we have done a good job . Are there people using it ? We ' ve got no other KPIs . " So what 's in it for them ? Good PR , for one . Pfizer was fined a record PS84.2 million by the Competition and Markets Authority ( CMA ) for overcharging the NHS for an anti - epilepsy drug in December . Pfizer is appealing the decision , but helping its biggest customer - the NHS - overcome major problems will score the company some much needed brownie points . Finally , delving into the healthtech world will help Pfizer stay abreast of innovation across the entire healthcare space , not just the high - end drug discovery space . Startups have until 30 April to apply . They will compete for a share of a grant of PS56,000 and a year - long programme of support , including access to contacts within the UK health industry . Pfizer will not ask for any transfer of intellectual property or equity in the business . Applicants will present to Pfizer and a panel of experts at a pitch event at the company 's UK HQ on May 18 , and the winners announced in June . Startups can apply at : healthcarehub.pfizer.co.uk .
London based People.io has taken its first steps outside the UK , expanding its data sharing rewards platform into Germany -- where it 's launched a co - branded version of the app with carrier o2 ( called o2 Get ) , targeting the latter 's ~24 million customers . The People.io app is also available to download via the App Store and Google Play , and o2 parent company Telefonica Germany will also be pushing the apps across its full market footprint of 44 M customers . The telco link follows People.io oI going through the telco 's Wayra Germany accelerator last year . They say they 're the first Wayra - backed startup to launch a co - branded product with Telefonica . co - branding with o2 we benefit from a respected and well known consumer brand which gives us a fast track to scale ; meaning we can focus on creating a great product experience that delivers on our vision to give people ownership of their data , " says co - founder Nicholas Oliver . " Our decision to launch in Germany was driven by their strong , consumer - centric data privacy laws . This meant we were focussed on building a product that could meet even the most stringent data privacy laws with a view to further market expansion."Oliver says the team is expecting to get around 250,000 downloads in the next 6 months in Germany ; increasing to just under 1 million by the end of the first year . The startup is apparently working with around a dozen telcos across 35 markets at this point -- although it remains to be seen how many of those conversations will turn into fully fledged co - branded app efforts . In o2 Germany 's case , People.io 's philosophy around user data ownership clearly meshes with a Telefonica strategic push to give data back to users aimed at fostering customer loyalty . We first covered People.io back in January 2016 , when it had just launched a beta version in Shoreditch , giving locals the chance to share personal data in exchange for building up credits to redeem against digital services like streaming music . It 's since scaled out to be UK wide . The core idea is to flip the notion that Internet users have to ' pay ' to use ' free ' products by having their personal data covertly and persistently harvested by these services . Instead , the platform aims to give people an incentive to share data willingly with it , for targeted ad purposes , rewarding them for sharing data with credits to redeem against different services ( and by not sharing their data directly with others).The People.io app is broadly aimed at 18 to 25 year olds for now , offering a familiar Tinder - style swipe interface for them to respond to questions about their likes and dislikes to start inputting personal data into the platform . They can also choose to connect other data sources , such as their email account , in order to share more info -- with increased rewards for sharing more . Advertisers are able to target marketing messages at People.io users via the platform , but the startup says users ' data is never shared directly with third parties . And the further pledge is that users can delete their account at any point -- which immediately and permanently erases all their data . Oliver describes the platform as " a firewall for people " , and reckons Europe 's incoming General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) will have a serious impact on how the ad tech industry operates SP regionally , because it gives consumers greater control over how their data is used . The GDPR is due to come into force in May 2018 , and includes tough penalties for compliance failures , changing the risks associated with collecting and processing EU citizens ' personal data . While People.io 's initial product pays data sharers for viewing targeted ads -- typically redeemed against gift cards for Amazon , Starbucks and iTunes , according to Oliver , with an option to donate credits earned as cash to charity currently also in testing -- its wider vision is around expanding into paid services of its own ; utilizing users ' data to offer them the ability to pay to enhance other digital services they use , without having to lose control of their information."This might apply to health and fitness , connected home or even productivity apps and experiences , " he explains . " Our advertising feature(s ) are really just phase one of a far bigger product vision . It provides us with a familiar consumer experience that allows us to develop the initial relationship with the user . From here , we can then educate them on the value associated to their data and demonstrate why taking ownership of it can benefit them ; both financially and through enhanced digital experiences."A brief example could be with a Spotify playlist . Having a playlist that dynamically changes your upcoming tracks based on your current context ( at work , at home , going running , trying to relax ) or mood ( stressed , energetic , feel like partying ) . With People.io -- we 'd just tell Spotify ' Nic 's at work ' or ' Nic is about to go running ' -- without sharing any of the data behind that insight . So that means Spotify can do what it does best , without ever needing access to your digital life.""When you consider the future of Conversational interfaces , like Amazon Echo , or chat bots ; this type of functionality will become increasingly relevant , " he adds . At this still early stage , People.io has around 35,000 accounts activated since exiting beta in the UK , with around two - thirds of those characterized as ' monthly actives'.On average , Oliver says users engage with the app between two to three times a week . While the platform gets around half a million user interactions per month at this point . He says the startup is currently raising investment to support " continued momentum and growth into other key markets " . Investors to date include Nick Robertson , founder of ASOS ; Thomas Hoegh , founder of Lovefilm ; and Founders ' Factory , the accelerator founded by Brent Hoberman and backed by Guardian Media Group . European markets are a priority , thanks to the pro - privacy regulatory environment , but Oliver says the team is hoping to expand into the first non - EU market by the end of the year . " The US is certainly a market that we 're keeping an eye on , " he adds .
Entrepreneur has affiliate partnerships so we may get a share of the revenue from your purchase . EXCLUSIVE : $ 10 Course Promo Expires May 27 , 2017 There 's always something you can add to your small business repertoire . Whether you ' ve gotten your MBA or built up your entrepreneurial knowledge through the School of Hard Knocks , you ( like every entrepreneur ) should never stop improving . These 10 Udemy courses ( if you 're not already familiar with Udemy , it 's basically a database of online courses ) will help shape you into a better , stronger entrepreneur with no real risk because they 're all $ 100 or less . You do n't have to be new to entrepreneurship to benefit from a small business guide . In The Essential Guide to Entrepreneurship , world - renowned entrepreneur , advisor and investor Guy Kawasaki lays out his essential steps for starting a company and building a brand identity that keeps customers coming back for more . The course includes interactive exercises and answers to frequently asked questions like " When do you know when you have a winning idea ? " and " How do you stay positive during the lows and stay calm during the highs ? " As an entrepreneur , you 're not only leading the employees you take on as your business grows , but you 're leading those within your industry and the communities that rally behind you . In Leadership : Practical Leadership Skills , international speaker Chris Croft covers all the bases : how to motivate , delegate , stay confident and more . You may see the term " growth hacking " all over the internet , but do you have a good grasp on the topic ? For the low , low price of free , Growth Hacking : Free Tools for Small Business Owners will show you how to create sticky headlines and titles , maximize your website 's SEO and build better customer relationships to rapidly grow your startup . It 's the ideal class for small business owners and new entrepreneurs . Every business owner wishes they had just a bit more time . In Become a SpeedDemon : Productivity Tricks to Have More Time , you can learn a number of tricks to communicate more efficiently with others , complete tedious everyday responsibilities and automate tasks to save time throughout the day . Fans of the course say it helped them find extra time to spend with family or pursue a hobby . Blogging sounds easy , but only the pros truly benefit from it . That 's why Write Awesome Blog Posts from Scratch is a great course -- it can help turn any entrepreneur or content creator into a blogging pro regardless of what platform they use . It focuses on content marketing , different types of blog posts , organizing blog content and crafting the perfect headline . It 's a speedy - but - thorough way to master blogging fundamentals so you can capture and engage leads online . Google is obviously helpful when it comes to driving traffic to your site , but it is n't the only way to get eyeballs . With Easy Ways to Increase Traffic Without Google or Linkbuilding , you can uncover and utilize online marketing techniques that do n't rely on Google 's search rankings . The class includes step - by - step videos and supplemental resources so any entrepreneur can take advantage of its curriculum . How do you know if you have a winning business idea ? This bestselling Udemy course will tell you . In Idea Validation : From Idea to Paying Customer in One Day , you can develop a product idea , learn how to run assessments with potential customers , confirm customer problems and more . The course even takes you beyond the validation stage and teaches you how to get your first product sale using an interest page . Contrary to popular belief , email is still a highly popular and effective marketing method for businesses of all industries . Turn it into a top priority with Email List Building : 4 Systems to Grow Your List , which helps you drive traffic to your site , compel visitors to sign up for your email list and use email management tools to organize your efforts . Former students of this course particularly appreciate how the class only provides straightforward , actionable information . Social Media Marketing 2017 is known as the most comprehensive social media marketing course on Udemy . Not only does it cover Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn , YouTube , Pinterest and Google e , but it also offers tips on social media automation , customer service on social platforms and social for public relations . Anyone who completes this course will receive a badge they can add to their company 's website to better attract and compel visitors . Full disclosure : This one 's mine . But , what 's the use in being a successful entrepreneur if you do n't help pass on your knowledge to the next generation ? In coordination with our book , Kidpreneurs : Young Entrepreneurs with Big Ideas , my brother and I created Kidpreneurs Academy that teaches small business skills to kids aged seven through 12 . The course goes over brainstorming business ideas , building a business plan , creating a budget and more . SP With the myriad of courses available online today , it 's easier than ever before to round out your entrepreneurial skills . Have you tried any of these Udemy courses ? What classes have helped you become a better entrepreneur ? SP Matthew Toren is a serial entrepreneur , mentor , investor and co - founder of YoungEntrepreneur.com . He is co - author , with his brother Adam , of Kidpreneurs and Small Business , BIG Vision : Lessons on How to Dominate Your Market from Self - Made E ...
Mobile and wireless startups are in high demand . After all , one of the biggest mobile priorities for enterprises today is a focus on cloud integration . However , that does n't mean life is easy for them . Wireless startups need just as many funds , networks , and mentors as any other aspiring business . So I hope you 're reading , mobile innovators : Here 's the South by Southwest event you need to check out . Startup Lunch : The Wireless Meetup is a Saturday SXSW event by Mobile Future and Tech . Co . Participating wireless startups and innovators will get a chance at one of the biggest boosts an entrepreneur can get : a mentor chat with an industry insider . At this fourth annual for SXSW wireless innovators , you can grab lunch while enjoying one - on - one mentor sessions with industry leaders . They 're pre - scheduled , so you 'll get a chance to sign up for one as soon as you RSVP . Mentorship helps fresh - faced entrepreneurs learn how to listen to the right instincts ... and ignore the wrong ones . It 's a point driven home by Invisionate founder and CEO George Stepancich , who once phrased it like this : " Founders have a tendency to drink their own Kool - Aid and can convince themselves it tastes good when perhaps it needs more or less sugar . " But if the Kool - Aid in this analogy is mobile technology , what is the " sugar " that must be considered ? Perhaps it could refer to the impact of your mobile app . Hopefully , your app can help make the world a better place . Perhaps one of the larger concerns the Mobile Future mentors at SXSW hold is for the future of the industry : Can mobile apps continue helping solve social issues in the cultures that they exist in ? Socially beneficial apps can appear in many forms . Take DugalDiabetes , a mobile app that uses machine learning to improve the speed , ease and accuracy of insulin dosing . Also socially useful : GoKid , a car pool app , and PhoneFlare , a non - profit campus safety app that texts friends and family your GPS location if you 're in danger and calls your school 's safety dispatch if on campus . Then there is Smackcap , a hit - detecting skullcap SP that wirelessly detects and delivers hit information in real time to our mobile app . All these apps have been honored by Mobile Future in the past , thanks to variety and depth of their social impact . Drop by the SXSW event to chat with a mentor about the future of mobile apps , and learn how your idea could potentially help out a wireless world . RSVP here .
Oracle is as famous within the tech industry for its legal department as it is for its ubiquitous database software . The company 's lawyer - heavy reputation was immortalized in this classic comic by Googler Manu Cornet : Manu Cornet / Wikimedia Commons At a media event at Oracle 's Silicon Valley headquarters , co - CEO Mark Hurd told Recode 's Kara Swisher that the switch to cloud computing -- where customers rent functionally unlimited supercomputing power and applications from companies like Oracle -- has required Oracle to rethink this approach , at least a little . ( Swisher 's full conversation with Hurd will be featured in a forthcoming episode of the Recode Decode podcast . ) Hurd uses the example of ride - hailing app Lyft , a flagship customer of Oracle 's accounting and financial cloud software . " Historically , " Hurd says , Oracle would write " big contracts " for customers , the procurement department would vet it , lawyers for both sides would negotiate the terms , and that would be that . But startups like Lyft do n't have a formal procurement department , or the same kind of IT buying process as those big Fortune 500 companies . Oracle co - CEO Mark Hurd Oracle It means " we ca n't show up with lawyers and stuff , " says Hurd . And so , Hurd explains , Oracle took all the terms that would be in the normal contract , and made it something in which a customer can simply " click to accept " -- sort of like the iTunes consumer terms of service . In the standard contract negotiation process , says Hurd , customers would usually ask for special terms , and " 80% of the time , if if you asked , you got them . " Now , Hurd says , Oracle includes most of those special terms into that " click to accept " contract , streamlining the whole process . This move makes it easier for Oracle to bring customers on board , quickly , Hurd says -- which is good , given the company 's ambitious , but somewhat controversial , play to topple Amazon Web Services , the intensely profitable arm of the Amazon retail empire , currently considered the cloud to beat . Indeed , Hurd credits much of Amazon 's success with its ability to bring customers onto their platform without ever having to talk to a salesperson : " I think they ' ve done a good job creating a frictionless acquisition process for customers . " Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks , ETFs , indices , commodities and currencies traded around the world . Go Now !
Entrepreneurs , techies , and anyone with an appetite for innovation began to crowd the halls as the SXSW Interactive Innovation Awards announced the winners of its competition . Thirteen awards and six special honors were given to exceptional innovators of all fields , including sustainability , music , healthcare , communication , and security . The competition also brought with it for the first time the second annual David Carr Prize , given to a writer , journalist , or even blogger that submits the most innovative essay blending culture , technology , and new media . The final ceremony also inducted Kara Swisher , cofounder of Recode , into the SXSW Interactive Hall of Fame , making her the sixth person to be given the honor . The awards were given to innovators that offered something that excelled in creativity , form , function , and overall experience , except for the People 's Choice Award . Those who attended the Innovation Award Finalist Showcase on March 12 voted for the innovator they saw as deserving the award . A panel of judges that comprised of experts in the industry deliberated over the rest of the awards . If you 're interested in learning about the companies that took home these awards , check them out below and make sure to visit their websites : This innovative needle - free jet injection platform is licensed from MIT and transforms the drug delivery experience for patients suffering from chronic disease . This mobile job matching app uses a ' blind recruiting ' strategy to circumvent unconscious bias and facilitate diversity recruiting . Fun fact : Blendoor was the winner of 2015 Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year Competition . Apply for our 2017 competition here . Blendoor wins 2015 Tech . Co Startup of the Year 3Doodler Pro is the world 's first professional 3D printing pen designed to meet the demands and ambitions of creative professionals - architects , engineers , designers , artists , and more . This company produces 3D audio and modular technology for audio professionals and high end consumers . HOLOPLOT Wavefield Generator can be used to " illuminate " complex venue geometries to reach only the audience , avoiding critical reflecting sections . Blinker is a mobile app that changes the way you discover , sell and purchase cars . This company creates revolutionary software centered around encryption that safeguards 3D assets and intellectual property for artists . This interactive online documentary tells the personal story of a young Aboriginal woman dedicated to preserving her endangered Indigenous culture through language . These on - skin devices resemble jewelry and allows users to control their mobile devices , display information , and store information directly on their skin . These Multifunctional custom flooring technology use footsteps to generate off - grid electricity . BionicM has created the new robotic prosthesis , enabling amputees to walk easily , naturally and safely . Start your museum adventure at home with JourneyMaker , an innovative new digital interactive that empowers you to create your own one - of - a - kind adventure with works of art . This VR painting app enables users to sketch and create in an immersive 3D studio space , selecting from a palette of colors , brush - types , and impossible materials such as stars , ice and fire . Halo 2 hearing aids ( compatible with iPhone , iPad(r ) , iPod touch(r ) and Apple Watch(r ) ) allow users to experience music in a whole new way with pure , refined sound quality . Not every company had a category to call it 's own . These two startups were privileged to special honors because of their uniquely innovative ideas : The Sensel Morph offers a new generation of multi - touch interaction in the form of an input device that allows people to interact with computers and programs ( such as : Art Tablet , Midi Controller , Media Editor , Game Controller , Keyboard ) . This crowdfunding platform is dedicated to improving global public health , topics include : Basic Support , Infectious Diseases , Accidents & Injury , Women & Children , Healthcare Systems & Access , Chronic Diseases and Humanitarian Emergencies . For a complete list of SXSW Interactive Innovation Award finalists and winners , click here . Read more of our coverage of SXSW and exclusive interviews here on Tech . Co
Technology is all around us . It is now in almost every room of every part of our house , in the shops , our cars , and our workplace to boot . The effect of technology , in general , has lead to some massive , great advances within our lives . From something as simple as a diary reminder for me to write this article , to your alarm going off on your phone in the morning , ( or afternoon , if you 're looking to have a little siesta ! ) technology is inescapable . And this is , for the most part , super useful and handy . But what happens when you 're working with technology in the daytime and come home to it in the evening , and you 're in front of it at night . It starts to become a little too much , does n't it ? Technology has become intertwined in our lives but also in conversations when people talk about sleep . It is the idea that the natural element of sleeping is meeting the unnatural , man - made in technological advances and it could very well be messing with us when we try and reach the land of nod . Something I ' ve learned to do is look away from my phone early into the night . There 's a pretty good line of evidence to support the fact that the glow from phones has a negative impact on our minds right before sleep . SP Phone companies themselves have started changing their own tech to accommodate this , inputting sleep mode into our phones and even laptop technology too . I do still think it 's a nice idea to slap away the phone when you 're ready to hit they hay and ready yourself for a few lovely hours away from the all - encompassing world of electricity . The one part of the world that technology hasn't quite mastered yet is our actual sleeping apparatus . Make sure you ' ve got the perfect bedding , a great bed , and super comfy blankets in order to get the best rest . You 're never going to be fit for work if you are n't even trying to sleep the best you can , so seek out the best of the best when it comes to getting some rest . One way in which technology may be able to be your guide in sleep situations is using apps to play soothing , simple music to you while you drift off . These type of sleep - therapy apps are becoming super popular , and the fact they 're becoming popular emphasizes the problem -- people are n't sleeping well enough . Be it whale music , be it a good old slow jam or therapeutic music the app is suggesting to you , make sure you give it a go . SP Working within the technology world can be hard work , and working within a start - up can be tougher . New businesses are known for their thorough and ruthless working hours and their harsh boundaries between work life and home life , and now that we ' ve got the ability to work remotely through a laptop and smartphones , we 're in constant connection with our work , or at very least our emails . SP I know it myself , sometimes you really ca n't help but look at your email , or check your computer when you hear that daunting ' ping ! ' coming from your device . But if you have stress issues or know that work can affect you even when you 're not there , try and get away from the email . Even allowing yourself to answer calls but ignore emails can significantly reduce the way you think and act about work during home life . Stress within technology is a major factor of work currently and it 's because we 're so close to our employers that we feel a duty to them , and this can often run through to our sleeping pattern . They 're just a few little ways in which you can try and make bedtime a little more relaxing . You 're never going to be at the top of your game if you 're not fully rested and recovering , so what is worse ? Being away and at 50 percent or turning off the tech and returning to full fitness ? I know which one I would prefer , and it is n't a hard choice .
Many startups are currently testing out one of the most exciting new investment trends : blockchain - based initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) . Still unregulated and open for anyone to invest in , not just VCs , these token crowdsales are like Kickstarter campaigns for the crypto world . For those unfamiliar with the idea , startups wanting to build blockchain - based apps ( called ' decentralized apps ' or dApps ) can forge a new blockchain to build them on top of or can build them on established public blockchains -- such as Ethereum , which is currently seeing most of these projects . These startups pull in funding by selling off tokens of their own cryptocurrency . With the rising interest in blockchain - based services , it has become trendy to invest in these ' initial coin offerings ' . Currently these investments are based largely on speculation and fear of missing out , so most people throwing money at these projects are taking a big risk . There 's usually only one round of fundraising in an ICO , and this happens before the startup has even launched its solution . If the company has something concrete to showcase , it 's usually just a proof of concept or in alpha stage -- although there are a few exceptions , like Storj , that have come out of beta before starting their token sale . So most investors do n't have access to the information they need to make informed decisions ; they know very little about how the solution is going to work in the real world . The startups and projects running these ICOs usually put up a website ( they all tend to look and feel the same , by the way ) presenting their solution in a white paper . And often this is the scope of hobbyist investors ' due diligence , when they really should know the team and the product they 're building in detail , for example by reviewing their source code . There are sites like ICOrating that analyze and assess startups with an upcoming ICO . Still , millions of dollars are being sunk into these projects without a proper appreciation of the risk . Naivety could be one reason . It 's easy to get blinded by the massive successes of the Bitcoin and Ether currencies . As long as a new project is being built on a blockchain and has a token , it must be the next big thing , right ? With so many new projects launching ( 19 ongoing ICOs and 35 upcoming listed at the time of this writing ) , there are probably many that never should receive funding , like the OneCoin scam . Potential investors should also keep in mind that public blockchains , such as Ethereum , are currently platforms for experimental ideas . App makers are trying out all types of new things , and no one knows how this dApp landscape is going to look in a year or two . Although it 's getting there , the tech stack is n't quite ready yet either , something Fred Ehrsam illustrated nicely in this Medium post . It 's hard to believe that all of the new blockchains being built will have real world value and see adoption beyond a handful of crypto enthusiasts . And they need to go mainstream to build a strong enough community of people willing to help and promote them . But this means that the startup has no idea who 's investing in the crowdsale . The average random investor is likely placing bets on several projects due to hype and FOMO and the chance of a quick profit . He or she usually has a day job to take care of and is n't the idealist or evangelist who takes that active role that the company needs to succeed . Some of these developer teams will probably get acqui - hired by larger incumbents , and their concepts incorporated as features of existing products down the road -- similar to what Spotify did with its recent acquisition of blockchain startup Mediachain . Many others , of course , will fail . There is unlimited potential for ecosystems running on blockchains , and I ca n't wait to see where this is heading . However , due to the experimental , immature , and volatile state of this market at the moment , it 's probably not the place to invest if you do n't fully understand the offering . Editor 's note : For a different take on investing in blockchain startups , see : " The sooner you know about decentralization , the better you can adapt . " [ A version of this story originally appeared on the author 's LinkedIn blog . ] Trond Vidar Bjoroy is head of product development and implementation - Nordics at travel management company ATPI .
Nine startups pitched on stage during Techstars Seattle Demo Night . ( Techstars Photo / Tim Mezen ) . SP After three months of intense work on their products , business models , and pitches , the Techstars Seattle 2017 class was finally ready to step into the spotlight . Nine innovative startups -- in a diverse array of fields ranging from serverless development to the seafood marketplace -- presented at Techstars Seattle Demo Night at the Museum of History and Industry last night . Now in its eighth year , Techstars Seattle is an incubator that provides early - stage startups with mentorship , guidance , and a $ 100,000 investment . It 's part of the international Techstars organization . " We now have more than 100 companies that have gone through the Techstars Seattle program since we started in 2010 and it 's just one measure of those companies ' progress , post - program they have raised , collectively , almost $ 400 million in capital , " said Techstars Seattle Managing Director Chris DeVore during the event Wednesday . Each startup made a compelling case but a handful of pitches stood out from the pack . Continue for our favorites pitches , photos from Demo Night , and read more about each team in recent installments of our Startup Spotlight series . Hazel CEO Wisam Abdulla delivered his pitch with the confidence of an entrepreneur who believes in his product 100 percent . His enthusiasm , combined with a clearly identified problem , explanation of how his startup is solving it , and demonstration of early traction made Hazel 's pitch one of the strongest in the bunch . Hazel makes enterprise software that helps companies get a bird 's eye view on how well its managers are performing and provides ongoing feedback and training resources to help leaders improve . " We ' ve designed a new and truly effective way for companies to develop and enable their managers , " Abdulla said . Hazel polls employees via Slack and other messaging tools to find out a manager 's strengths and weakness . The service then provides resources to help leaders improve over time and encourages strong managers to become mentors for others who need help . The service costs $ 50 to $ 100 per manager , per month . Abdulla and his co - founders came up with the idea for Hazel when they were building Canadian payroll startup Rise . Their customers constantly complained about how hard it was to train great managers . Abdulla experienced this struggle firsthand , in his first leadership role . When a top player on his team departed , he was left wondering what he could ' ve done differently as a manager . " We help companies develop and enable their managers in a personalized ongoing and engaging way so that no one ever has to manage like I did in my first year , " Abdulla said during his pitch . It 's no easy feat pitching something as esoteric as " solutions to build production - grade serverless applications " to a crowd that 's not exclusively software engineers . But it was clear from Stackery CEO Nate Taggert 's conviction and a ringing endorsement from Voyager Capital 's Diane Fraiman , that the startup is building something powerful . Stackery provides tools to help developers make apps that operate with the same level of efficiency and security as legacy applications , without relying on a server . " We 're at the beginning of a major revolution in infrastructure technology , " Taggart said . " Serverless is transforming the way modern applications are built and delivered in the same ways that cloud disrupted the physical hardware market . We have an exceptional team and we know this space . " Taggart and Stackery co - founder Chase Douglas started working together in 2013 when they joined forces to build the New Relic Browser . Before that , Taggart was a product manager at GitHub and Douglas was an engineer for IBM . " We know how to get our product in front of developers , " Taggart said . Swym CEO Arvind Krishnan impressed the crowd Wednesday with the amount of early traction his company is enjoying . The startup , which helps small and medium e - commerce companies track shoppers across devices , is seeing 30 percent month - over - month growth , adding 100 stores every week , according to Krishnan . All of those sellers are coming to Swym through Shopify and the startup plans to integrate with additional e - commerce platforms soon . Krishnan says Swym is on track to hit 10 million users in the next year . " This is just the beginning for us , " he said . " The real opportunity that we 're going after , the mid - to - large retailers , collectively did over $ 120 billion in sales last year . And these stores are running their e - commerce sites on a handful of platforms . " Swym allows retailers to re - connect with customers who have started a shopping session on one device and picked back up on another -- even if they haven't logged in . The software detects patterns between devices and users , creating a user profile with information on their social media profiles and shopping preferences . Krishnan brings with him experience working in product management for Microsoft and Yahoo . " Swym is changing the way consumer shop on mobile , " he said .
Find any city in America with a booming job market and affordable rent prices , and you 'll find a seemingly endless stream of young Millennials in search of the perfect place to live . Enter Alec Slocum : The CEO and cofounder at ABODO Apartments , an online apartment marketplace designed to help college students find their next off - campus rental . ABODO 's path to success -- more than 30 employees fill out their new office in downtown Madison , Wisconsin , following the company 's recently - raised $ 4.8 million in Series A -- came through a very literal example of an " elevator " pitch . The company nabbed a position in the highly selective accelerator gener8tor when Alec happened to share an elevator ride with the accelerator 's cofounder . SP Here 's their story , as told by Alec himself . " We were on the fence about joining an accelerator , but we 'd built a rapidly growing business in Madison and wanted to learn sooner rather than later how effectively it could be scaled . We needed funding . But we also needed access to experienced networks so that our fundraising and scaling processes would be efficient . And gener8tor 's hands - on mentorship approach was perfect for us . " " Funny story . I was working at a coworking space in downtown Madison , and just happened -- really , this was not planned -- to find myself taking an elevator up to the 8th floor with gener8r co - founder Joe Kirgues , who was coming in to do a presentation . The doors opened , the doors closed , and I actually made an elevator pitch . Joe liked the vision behind our company and got us onboard . " " As first time entrepreneurs with a budding but local business , we mostly needed help learning to rapidly scale a business . Gener8tor provided mentorship as well as networking opportunities . It was really a level - up . And it introduced us to a ton of other young entrepreneurs , start - ups , and out - of - the - box thinkers ... not to mention investors . " " Know why you 're joining and what you want from the process . An accelerator is not an end in itself -- you need to know where you 're trying to go . " " The most immediate milestone for ABODO after graduating from gener8tor was about 325k in funding . But the connections and networking opportunities we gained through our time in a corporate accelerator have helped us out immeasurably in the years since we went through the program in 2013 . We raised $ 4.8 million in series A funding last summer , and have grown to a company of 33 . With 500,000 active monthly users and markets in 30 major American cities , we 're poised to keep growing . " " Refine your vision . Make sure your company is addressing a specific , real need , and that you 're addressing that need in a new way . Be concise and clear . You should be able to explain what you do in your sleep ... or an elevator . " Read more inspiring interviews here at Tech . Co .
An Belfast - based company working on utilizing our country 's existing hydroelectric facilities , won an award on Thursday evening at the national Cleantech Open contest in San Francisco . Surge Hydro received the national award for the " Business Model with the Best Chance for Immediate Investment and Commercialization , " according to Jeff Marks , executive director of Environmental & Energy Technology Council of Maine . Surge Hydro , which earned a trip to the national competition last October when it won the regional Cleantech Open in Boston , is attempting to use technology to leverage the country 's underutilized hydroelectric infrastructure . More than 90 percent of existing dams in the United States , roughly 80,000 or so dams , do n't produce electricity , according to Surge Hydro 's founders , David Markley and Nicholas Cabral . The pair , both Maine Maritime Academy graduates , want to change that by utilizing local smart grid networks so communities can harness low - cost hydropower . The Cleantech Open is a hybrid between a startup accelerator and business pitch competition . It claims to be the world 's largest accelerator for startups working in the areas of environmental science and clean energy . During the six - month program , startups receive extensive mentoring , training , and access to investors and capital . Since 2005 , more than 1,000 startups have participated in its annual accelerator and mentorship program in the United States . These businesses have raised a total of more than $ 1.2 billion . " These eager entrepreneurs started with bright ideas and built strong relationships and business strategies to support their growth into world - class companies . Today , they are leading the way in the cleantech sector , generating green jobs and contributing to a surge of positive environmental impact , " reads the website . Surge Hydro was the third Maine company in the past five years to win the northeast regional competition and earn a trip to the national competition . Pika Energy in Gorham won in 2012 and Portland - based Rapport won in 2015 . So far , no Maine company has won the national competition . The post Surge Hydro wins award at national Cleantech Open appeared first on Maine Startups Insider . This article is courtesy of Maine Startups Insider , created by Whit Richardson , a journalist who 's covered Maine 's business community for the past decade . Visit Maine Startups Insider to read more about Maine 's startup community and subscribe to the weekly newsletter .
Entrepreneurs are infamous for learning through failure . Whether it 's a botched investor meeting , a disastrous panel discussion , or an abandoned startup , the education of doing it wrong is unmatched in the entrepreneurial world . However , there is something to be said about learning without failing , particularly as it takes such a toll on your confidence and motivation . Fortunately , mentorship can be the safety net you need to get started without failing first . With a mentor , your first instinct does n't have to be your only option . Ideally , mentors will provide advice and warnings learned from years of personal experience . These seasoned entrepreneurs have likely been through everything from raising capital and building company culture to cofounder disputes and disappointing funding rounds , giving them the insight they need to guide you through the elaborate journey of entrepreneurship . Plus , in a world that demands you know someone to get in the door , mentorship provides the fast track to an advantageous entrepreneurial network . At Tech . Co , we ' ve been committed to the value of mentorship for years . Between our one - on - one sessions at Innovate ! and Celebrate to our mission of supporting startups around the world , Tech . Co has made it as easy as possible to grow as a budding startup without having to fail first . The Tech . Co tradition of mentorship is about so much more than giving advice . We make sure that every entrepreneur has what they need to succeed , from contacts to confidence . And because we know that mentors come in all shapes and sizes , we always try to make sure entrepreneurs are paired with someone that can really help . At SXSW , Tech . Co and Mobile Future will be partnering to provide aspiring entrepreneurs with the mentorship they need . The event , Startup Lunch : The Wireless Meetup , will feature food , drinks , and one - on - one mentor sessions that will help you connect with some of the brightest minds in the mobile space . The event takes place at 12 pm on Saturday , March 11th at Maggie Mae 's . You can RSVP here , giving you the chance to sign up for an optional mentor session .
As Mattermark has found , the top three accelerators in the startup business -- Y Combinator , Techstars , and 500 Startups -- have been responsible for about ten percent of all series A deals in the U.S. for a couple years straight . The real news here ? Most people in the tech world thought that number would be higher . Here 's what Mattermark had to say in a recent blog post : " According to Mattermark data , the prevalence of graduates from these programs raising Series A rounds was near all - time highs in 2016 , with 9.3 percent of Series A deals . 2015 marked the high point , with the trio of accelerators contributing 10.1 percent of all Series A deals . [ ... ] The upward trend for these three programs contributes to the overall upswing of Series A round activity , which has more than doubled over the past 10 years . " The Series B , meanwhile , remains the easiest round to land : Series B dollars are up 207 percent since Q3 2015 , though VC investment continues to constrict slightly overall . Interestingly , Mattermark includes a Twitter poll in which 60 percent of the 514 respondents said that they expected the three accelerators to be responsible for more than the roughly 10 percent of Series A rounds that they landed in 2016 . It looks like the majority of tech insiders who voted expect to see a wider divide among successful accelerators and lesser known ones . This response aligns with certain popular beliefs in the tech community . Consider the 80/20 rule , also known at the Pareto principle , which states that around 80 percent of one 's benefits often come from 20 percent of one 's causes . Or , even better , take a look at income inequality in the U.S. , which is far worse than the average person assumes it is : The top one percent in the U.S. average earnings of $ 1.3 million a year , over three times as much as they pulled in during the 1980s , while the bottom 50 percent average $ 16,000 , a number that 's stayed the same for three decades . While the top three startup accelerators should definitely be congratulated for their significant chunk of Series A successes , the numbers might just as easily be a vote of confidence in all the other accelerators out there . After all , that remaining 90 percent needs to come from somewhere .
Investment firm H2 Ventures has announced that it will be expanding its flagship H2 Accelerator program to support data and artificial intelligence ( AI ) startups across Australia and New Zealand . To promote the accelerator , the firm will be conducting a tour across a number of Australia 's capital cities and Auckland , leading discussions focused on fintech , data , and female entrepreneurship . Speaking to Startup Daily about the announcement , H2 founding partner Toby Heap said the expansion has been sitting in H2 's backend for some time , as the firm waited for the right timing in terms of commercialisation within the AI and data industries . " Everyone 's seen it coming for a long time , and as you know timing is everything with startups , " he said . " We ' ve already had this keen interest in data and AI and then given that we saw that this was the way the world was going , we really felt strongly that the next decade is really going to be sort of driven by changes in the way we use data and AI . " Years ago , I think if you tried to do it you 'd need a lot of effort to convince people it 's a good idea . Now it 's a good time in terms of product uptake , if you look at all the corporations they ' ve really taken this technology on board . Investors also know about the technology and are willing to get onto it . " Giving participants $ 100,000 in funding in exchange for 10 percent equity , the H2 Accelerator had traditionally been open exclusively to fintech startups before starting to venture outside the box for its first 2017 intake . To facilitate an even broader scope of businesses , the accelerator is doubling its participant numbers from last year , moving from eight startups to sixteen . Heap said the firm is also looking to expand its reach outside of NSW , where the majority of startups who participate in the program traditionally reside . " That 's why we 're doing the roadshow . We 're hoping by going out and visiting the capital cities we 'll get a lot more teams from outside NSW who are hopefully prepared to join the program for six months , " he said . " [ Also ] if you 're doing something focused on verticals , there 's a lot of people out there working away on their ideas . Especially on a space just breaking through like this , you want all those people to realise look there 's someone here willing to support them . " Helping lead the accelerator will be H2 Ventures VC Associate Zach Gazak , who Heap said was brought on last year in anticipation of the firm " heading in this direction " . Gazak formerly led Silicon Valley data accelerator Insight as a Program Director , and will now be bringing his expertise to H2 Accelerator . The next cohort will commence in August , with the H2 tour set to progress throughout May. You can read about the program here .
Everyone loves being in pictures taken by a professional photographer . Because as good as our iPhone cameras are these days , there 's just no comparison to a picture taken by a professional on a high - quality DSLR . But most of us do n't often get this opportunity , because professional photographers are usually only hired for large - budget , high - profile events -- not your Friday - night dinner party with 8 other friends . But Snappr , an Australian - based startup that is part of Y Combinator 's Winter ' 17 batch , wants to change this . The company lets you book a professional photographer that will show up to take pictures within 12 hours of being ordered . And the best part -- it 's really affordable . Snappr charges by the amount of time the photographer is at your event taking photos , and has two different pricing structures -- a package where you get to pick a set number of photos and an unlimited package . So if you want a 30-minute shoot , you 'd pay just $ 59 to pick the best 3 pictures ( the photographer will capture a bunch , then you get to see all of them and choose your three favorites ) or pay $ 99 for a 30-minute shoot with unlimited pictures . This scales all the way up to a full - day shoot . For reference , a two - hour shoot with 12 photos included would cost $ 149 , and a two - hour shoot with unlimited photos costs $ 249 . Still really affordable . So how do you know you 'll get your money 's worth ? The startup has a high barrier to entry -- only 5 percent of applicants are selected to be photographers on the platform , and Snappr interviews each applicant personally before being approved . SP Snappr then matches these photographers with customers depending on what type of photography they specialize in . For example , a customer may want someone to come do a 30-minute photo shoot for a new LinkedIn profile picture . Snappr 's algorithm then will find three photographers who specialize in that area , and show the suggestions to the customer , who has the final choice of who they want to hire . For this matching service the startup takes a 20 percent cut of the basic packages from the photographer , and a higher cut on the higher - priced packages . Matt Schiller , co - founder of Snappr , explained that by making it affordable and easy to book a photographer last - minute the company is removing the mystique of a professional photographer . Essentially , they want you to be able to hire someone to take great pictures at events for which you would never previously have thought to hire someone -- like an intimate birthday party or work happy hour . SP And while there are , of course , other directories to hire a photographer online , they often make you pick from a list , then negotiate on price directly with the photographer , which is intimidating for someone not used to booking photographers . Plus , they require advanced notice . Snappr will send someone with 12 hours ' notice , and is working toward soon moving to a one - hour window . Snappr is now live in San Francisco and San Jose , as well as a bunch of Australian cities , including Sydney and Melbourne .
London - based Beamery has closed a $ 5 million Series A for its candidate relationship software . The round is led by Index Ventures , with participation from existing investors Edenred Capital Partners , GP Ventures and LocalGlobe . It 's a fast follow from the startup 's $ 2 million seed , raised in June last year . Beamery says the new funding will be used to double its headcount and open a new sales and marketing - focused office in the Bay Area , while keeping its core product dev and engineering team in London . In a blog about the funding , Index 's Jan Hammer argues Beamery 's approach to recruitment gives companies a strategic advantage in hiring by enabling them to identify and develop relationships with potential future recruits before they even have a specific vacancy to offer . " When you shift to this approach and become highly strategic in developing relationships with top candidates , you outsmart and outpace competitors , " says Hammer , citing Beamery 's claim that its users have seen the cost of hiring fall by 39 percent and time - to - hire drop by 31 percent since using its software . The startup , which was founded back in 2014 , has around 50 customers using its software at this point , including the likes of Facebook , Dropbox , VMware and Criteo . Active users number around 1,000 , according to CEO Abakar Saidov."In short think of it like Salesforce + Marketo for recruitment . We are an API - first CRM platform that lets companies track the entire candidate lifecycle from Lead > Application > Hire . This changes how companies recruit on a strategic level . We use AI and automation to scale this process , " is Saidov 's elevator pitch for the platform . Beamery 's software essentially offers a richer environment for tracking and connecting with potential job candidates versus a manual organizational tool such as a spreadsheet , while also plugging in the ability for users to search candidate profiles using granular filters ; make approaches to potential hires via email marketing and/or event invites ; and view analytics of candidate responsiveness so they can judge which potential hires might be most receptive to an approach . The underlying premise is to turn recruitment into more of an active and ongoing brand marketing / outreach exercise , versus companies only searching for candidates at the point of direct need , and limiting their talent pool to only those who actively apply . SP " Nothing is built to be a system of record for passive candidates for roles that do n't exist yet , " argues Saidov . " Therefore you are missing the bulk of the market . The more progressive companies that are recognizing that you need to go after and ' Acquire ' the talent you want have to use spreadsheets to store this data."Rather than having ' job - centric ' ATS systems , this is ' people - centric ' CRM system . That means businesses can focus on leads rather than applicants . This means everyone is a potential candidate , a relationship that needs to be tracked and nurtured before , during and after the applications process . " Saidov says the platform is not geared toward specific sectors or job roles but is rather aimed at " every business that is trying to be strategic " about recruitment -- though the first wave of customers has , unsurprisingly , come from the early adopter tech sector , along with some " more traditional " brands , such as House of Fraser , Shop Direct and Continental Tires . " We help tech firms map their future hiring needs and retail firms engage past talent that did n't get hired , " he adds . " Finally you are seeing the full cycle of talent management , rather than just the applicant process . This allows you to be strategic about where talent is going to come from."On the competitors front Saidov name - checks Avature , " a more dated talent CRM , " and Smashfly , which he says is focused on job board distribution , as the main rivals , along with some ( unnamed ) content management systems .
Dima Elissa is the founder and CEO of VisMed3D , a startup providing 3D surgical patient replicas for state - of - the - art treatment and training of doctors . Based in Matter , the startup is on the cutting edge of personalized medicine . In addition to her startup , Dima devotes considerable time , energy , and guidance to other women entrepreneurs . In this episode , you 'll learn a few important things about Dima , including how she decided to pursue 3D printing , how she landed her first partnership with big healthcare , what the best bang for you buck networking is , and the value in 3D printing for surgeons . Plus , we 'll also be covering what the future of medical 3D printing looks like , the value in snapchat for her company , and what to watch out for as a first time founder . If you want to get to know this titan of Chicago industry a little better , make sure to listen to the podcast below and follow up on future interviews . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON GOOGLE PLAY SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
The importance of SEO has been a point of debate for years . Half the internet believes SEO is dead , while the other half feels it 's necessary . But do we overlook it ? There is plenty of information available online to manipulate the rankings in one way or another , but one factor is constant : SEO 's usage is on an ever - increasing rise . The popularity is immense . People use the internet and enter millions of keywords daily . If you know how websites operate , you may be able to understand the rich benefits of SEO . In the corporate environment today , competitiveness is key . Digital marketing experts know how important SEO is for businesses . Here are the seven most captivating reasons for your business to invest in SEO : Search engines are the primary gateway to success . The number of products released every day has increased . It comes as no surprise that around 90 percent of the people check product reviews before vouching to buy the product . If the global demand is high , the customer will purchase a product or a service . In this digital age , customers buy everything on the internet . As many as four out of five customers search with local intent . For this reason , SEO will have to be applied if your clients are region - based . SP Businesses need to adapt to the most recent tactics to reap the benefits . A carefully - managed SEO campaign will expand the efforts to different websites . Social media sites and blogs take link building to a whole new dimension . As businesses , the higher the website is ranked , more audiences are reached . Successful content marketing is a great boost for the company 's SEO and subsequently for the company as a whole . Although content marketing results in benefits for the company , other actions can show similar results . In particular email marketing is known for its positive results . PPC campaigns and banner ads also pay a central role . However , email marketing campaigns need a huge time and financial commitment . An enormous amount of resources is required to match the current marketing trends . SEO is on the cheap side , making it a no - brainer for startups . While it may be difficult to determine the benefits of SEO for business , it always has a high ROI . If one website ranks the highest , it will receive as much as 33 percent engagement from the users . For this reason , companies that invest in the right direction , are likely to benefit more than the original investment . The most popular web queries and the highest visited web pages have the best potential of a continuously increasing ROI . Above all , SEO advertisement is cost - effective . It 's a cheap and guaranteed method of business promotion and development . It for sure takes some time to build and manage an advertisement campaign . The more you invest , the better . Understanding this is important because a greater level of traffic will increase the conversion rate . Online advertisement is not limited solely to content marketing but also to email campaigns . Recently , video advertising and its engagement rate have skyrocketed . A high number of people watch videos daily . The most famous platform is YouTube and Facebook . Videos made and built around keywords will result in more top viewers and popularity . The videos will also be linked to optimize the traffic and make better the ranking of the brand . The many advanced algorithms operate on the same underlying principle . Videos are the future of advertising . Businesses can feel the importance of videos in an advertisement . A properly made video is conceptually put and needs linking , sharing and promotion , by using SEO . Prospective customers use smartphones more than ever before . It has become an integral part of our lives . The traffic generated by mobile users is a dominant force on the net . For this reason , businesses should change their promotional platforms . An entirely new spectrum of SEO techniques masters the mobile marketing area . Digital marketing professionals who work with big - league companies will tell you that mobile devices need adequate support to rank higher . It 's important to keep up with the competitors ' actions . The main keywords and the results on the first page play a significant role in understanding how SEO will work for your company . All business rivals are using SEO for their websites , and using it will only increase your outreach . If your brand is not investing in proven search engine optimization techniques , you are already at a low . The faster you understand this fact , the better it is for your business . Read more about search engine optimization here on Tech . Co
Etched into the mindset of the American military , the warrior ethos of the U.S. Armed Forces is to leave no one behind . Inspired by that credo , a tightly knit band of veterans and their family members has created a unique " boot camp " to help ensure vets are not left behind in the 21st century economy . One of those vets , Josh Anderson , was back home in Colorado in the winter of 2006 visiting family for the holidays when a Marine Corps buddy called and delivered the sad news : a friend of theirs had been shot down in a chopper over Baghdad and drowned . When Anderson heard what had happened , his mind skipped back to a moment several months earlier . Anderson had initially selected those orders for himself , but at the last minute traded with his friend for an assignment in Quantico , Virginia . " That was one of those things that makes you question why you 're sitting where you 're sitting , " said Anderson . He had joined the United States Marines in the summer of 2002 at the age of 20 without telling his parents . For years , Anderson wrestled with the realization that , if not for happenstance , he might have died in that crash . Anderson felt like he owed the world something . Several years later , on the other side of the country , a woman named Charlotte Creech grew furious when she learned of her husband 's admissions status at a nearby state university . A veteran of the United States Air Force , he 'd applied and been accepted to the school . Shortly thereafter , however , his reserve unit was called up to Iraq ; but now that he was back five months later and ready to enroll , the university said he 'd have to start the application process all over again . " I lost it , " said Creech , who had been trying to find ways to help her husband get his footing in the civilian world after returning from the military . " Why could n't he start school that year ? I felt very disrespected that there was no recognition for his service ; he was just dropped and allowed to fall through the cracks . " Creech 's husband was lucky enough to eventually find work as a firefighter . But having experienced what it 's like for a veteran to step back into the civilian world with little support , she channeled those emotions into her own professional life . Disillusioned by her corporate gig running the claims unit for a Fortune 500 insurance company , she 'd returned to school , pursuing a master 's degree in business administration . With her husband 's experience in mind , Creech partnered with one of her classmates , a former member of the Coast Guard . Together , they wrote a business plan for a startup designed to help veterans with their college search , which included a GI Bill calculator that estimated what education costs service members could count on the government to cover . SP By 2012 , Creech had been working on the business for a full year , raising about $ 225,000 in pre - seed venture capital . It was then that she heard about a new veterans - focused startup accelerator called Patriot Boot Camp , a free program open to veterans and their spouses . Launched in connection with Boulder 's Techstars , the organization had been founded on something of a whim . Taylor McLemore , whose grandfather had served in the military , was attending Techstars ' spring cohort when he noticed there probably was n't much in the way of groups that helped veterans transition into the world of technology . McLemore tweeted at Techstars founder David Cohen asking why the tech community did n't do more to engage service members . Cohen agreed and said if McLemore came up with something , Techstars would support it . What McLemore landed on was a three - day " boot camp , " a mini Techstars program focused specifically on providing mentoring and training to veterans and military spouses interested in entrepreneurship . " I cried out in joy when I heard about this , " said Creech . " I immediately called my business partner and said we have to go . " The pair attended the inaugural Patriot Boot Camp at Georgetown University . They had such a positive experience they returned in 2013 for the second iteration held at George Washington University . " The fact that people were willing to volunteer their time and were willing to listen and offer advice and help make connections -- it was just incredible , " said Creech . " I had a one - on - one meeting with David Cohen and with a couple of investors ; those were connections that were untouchable to me in Connecticut as a nobody . " Two years in , Patriot Boot Camp has graduated dozens of veterans and family members who 'd found hope and success in entrepreneurship , working on everything from helping children connect safely to the internet to improving connectivity in remote conflict areas . SP Meanwhile , the task of providing service members with a smooth transition out of the military had unquestionably become one of the great challenges facing the country . According to the Institute for Veterans and Military Families , approximately 200,000 people transition out of military service each year , and almost half cite getting socialized to civilian culture as a top challenge . In 2014 , hoping to play a greater role in solving that problem , Patriot Boot Camp began a transformation from McLemore 's fledgling idea to an independent nonprofit , which meant hiring the first two full - time employees . By then , Creech had realized she was a stronger manager than a startup founder . Still , she wanted to continue helping vets , so she applied and last year was hired as Patriot Boot Camp 's first executive director . " They wanted me to be involved since I had been through the program and was passionate , " said Creech . " For me it was a perfect opportunity and combination of all the things I had worked up to . " Since the group was founded four years ago , Patriot Boot Camp has graduated 550 alumni from multiple three - day camps across the country . This year , the group decided to establish a formal headquarters in Texas and Colorado . In each city , Patriot Boot Camp has long been supported by organizations such as the tech - education community Galvanize , which provided mentorship when the boot camp was still in its infancy and offers graduates tuition and membership discounts . " At first we thought that if we made [ Patriot Boot Camp ] a traveling road show it would be easier for veterans to attend , " Creech says . " But we found that really was n't true -- if people need the training they 're willing to travel . " Read more about veteran entrepreneurs here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
It 's 2006 , and Australia 's game development landscape is brimming with both local and global talent . Among the big players is international gaming giant Sega , a company which gained enough traction to open up its own baby theme park in Sydney 's Darling Harbour . Enter the global financial crisis , a torrential wave which would bury Sega and , alongside it , nearly the entirety of Australia 's game development businesses . From the ashes rose small independent or ' indie ' developers , startups that are now leading the charge towards rebuilding an industry that was once a contender on the global stage . Now , indie developers make up the majority of Australia 's gaming sector , a $ 115 million industry expected to grow thanks to the high export numbers generated from new and veteran startups in the space . According to Nicole Stark of Disparity Games , the rise of indie devs can be attributed to the " perfect storm " of unemployed developers left behind from the wreckage of the global financial crisis , in combination with the increase of mobile gaming opportunities . " The rise of mobile [ brought ] a lot more casual gamers , so people who would n't normally play games , the average person , was now a part of the market , " she said . Mobile games and the nature of their development , according to Stark , presented a ripe opportunity for talented developers to start their own businesses and begin creating . Mobile games are generally smaller in scale , easy to distribute , and require less resources and time to create , and thus they are overall cheaper . Stark herself took up the mantle to create her own game alongside her husband , Peter , with the both of them having spent time working within the gaming industry . The pair began working together in 2011 , when Stark was on maternity leave while her husband took long service leave . " We thought hey , let 's start making a video game , " she said . The pair developed their first title , Run Fatty Run , a mobile platforming game where a player must navigate obstacles while getting chased by a tiger , and established their startup , Disparity Games . Their full time roles took a backseat , with the couple splitting the work on development between them : Peter focused on programming and Nicole on design . However , beside the huge intricacies of game development , the couple had to also juggle all the typical facets of , well , starting up a startup , without a source of income . " It [ was ] absolutely terrifying , " said Stark . " We had no steady job , a mortgage to cover , and four children . To go from earning money to watching your bank account dwindle is really tough . " Jumping between different roles served as a double - edged sword for the entrepreneur , who described it as " crazy " yet " exciting " . " To be honest I still get sick of how many hats I have to wear . Every time you swap hats you have a little bit of inertia . It 's the best job in the world , but also the most strenuous , " said Stark . Developing titles would n't just involve the efforts of the couple , however , but the entire family , consisting of four daughters from ages eight to 24 . Stark explained that their 20 old daughter , who is studying animation , works for the business a few days a week , while the youngest is learning programming . " We 're really a family indie development company ; the mom and pop store of indie game development , " joked Stark . The family operates at their residence just a flicker away from the sea in Noosa , as Stark talked about the ups and downs of working as a family business . " When it 's great it 's very very great . There was certainly an adjustment period at the beginning though , because you go straight to spending all your time together , " she said . The later half of 2015 saw Disparity Games release their flagship IP title , Ninja Pizza Girl , a colourful action - platformer with bullying and teenage angst at its ideological heart . The title was met with substantial critical and financial success , having earned high reviews scores across the board . With their commercial success , the startup now sits as one of the leaders of Queensland 's gaming sector , a tight - knit community compacted with other indie developers . With an increase of startups entering the space in both Queensland and Australia - wide , Stark said it 's a sector she hopes that will continue to diversify . " I think there 's space for people to do things a lot of different ways , which is what we 're seeing at the moment . You have your micro AAA indie developers , then a lot of smaller sized ones too , " she said . These ' micro AAA ' developers are the startups looking to fill the gaps left behind from the global financial crisis . According to Stark , there 's businesses now face a new challenge , involving the oversaturation of genre games , particularly in mobile , due to lack of diversity and copying from international competitors . Stark , however , is confident the industry will move forward . " As the barriers decrease , there will be more companies popping up . There 's so much innovation in the indie game scene , so there will always be new ideas coming about in one way or another , " she said . Currently working on contract work including a title called ' Younger : The Cloud Catcher Chronicles ' , Disparity Games is looking towards developing its next IP game , a parkour platform dubbed ' Snapdragon ' .
Pitchbook and the Angel Resource Institute have just released the 2016 edition of their Annual ARI HALO Report , a research paper designed to explain the most recent trends and activity from top - ranked angel groups across the nation . The report is n't just a look at 2016 : It 's a snapshot of the mentalities that the best angel groups share as they head into 2017 . Here is a selection of quick takeaways from the PDF , which can be found here . The median angel group investment in 2016 was $ 127,000 , while the median round size was $ 950,000 . In other words , more than one angel group is needed to fund a round . Angel groups are syndicating in order to spread out the risk of a round into a number of smaller investments . Pre - money valuations are on the downswing . The biggest Angel groups are making smaller first - round investments to shift their capital towards ( safer ) follow - on rounds . From the report : " 2016 was the first year where angel groups did more follow - on deals than first - time investments in new portfolio companies . " The Central Texas Angel Network and the Houston Angel Network both take first place for the top angel groups with the most deals . The Hyde Park Angel Network comes in third . The well - established trend of the startup community name - checking a commitment to look beyond it 's male bubble while failing to do so is continuing : Just 17 percent of all deals in 2016 were led or founded by a female entrepreneur , while men landed 83 percent of the deals . Numbers get worse when those women are minorities : 3 percent of all deals were led or founded by female minorities , compared to 25 percent of all deals being led or founded by male minorities .
With Startup Grind Cape Town set to take place tomorrow ( 11 May ) in celebration of Female Founders Month , we spoke to Jessica Bonin , founder of Lady Bonin 's artisanal tea . Bonin , who will speak tomorrow at the event hosted at Workshop 17 , spoke to us about her success and struggles as a female entrepreneur , touching on how it was to run a food truck as well as venture into a seemingly niche market . Ventureburn : Tell us about how you got started with a food truck ? Jessica Bonin : When I first started the business my greatest challenge was reinventing tea . People had no concept of good quality tea , let alone loose leaf , and I was selling both as take away before Starbucks was . The caravan became an incredible way for me to overcome this hurdle because it was an innovative and new concept , that of food trucks , that engaged people and encouraged them to try something new . The innovation and its publicity and popularity helped push the concept of quality takeaway tea as something easy to integrate that allowed me to move into other avenues such as restaurant and retail sales . VB : What challenges did you face with a food truck ? JB : My caravan was the first food truck and I had to break a lot of ground for everyone else , this meant countless hours of meetings with the city council and representatives to open avenues of trade . The biggest problem with food trucks in Cape Town and from what I understand around the world is trading locations . Because it is not informal trade it does not allow for trading in town . Space is limited and food trucks continue to increase . It is also very seasonal meaning summer time tends to be the best time for a trade . The hours are long , the effort is high and the turnover is challenging . We resorted to doing lots of markets , festivals and private functions . The caravan has been on sabbatical for just over a year as we make new plans to hand it over to a small and driven entrepreneur . People think food trucks are an easy fix , a quick buck . It is really not . And there is a lot of competition . Luckily for me , I was n't running a kitchen , I had something entirely unique and sought after . VB : What then is your advice for those who want to run a food truck ? JB : I usually advise people against starting a food truck because the cons far outweigh the pros . However , like anything , if you are an innovative entrepreneur with ambition and tenacity , you can make anything happen , you just have to find the unique avenue in an over - saturated market . VB : Are your tea leaves sourced from other entrepreneurs such as yourself ? SP JB : 80% of our tea is sourced directly from farms . I try to avoid the middleman wherever possible , both locally and internationally , because I believe in providing a platform to bridge the gap between farmer and market . VB : What were some of the biggest challenges you faced running your business ? JB : Throughout the business , the biggest challenge has been cash flow . Running a tea business means small margins , resulting in a greater need for quantity . We reached a point where market demand was exceeding our ability to supply , but in order to reach that supply ability , we had to scale , which means we had to expend cash before we earned it . This has taken a long time to catch up , meaning money for not only staffing and raw materials , but working capital for everything that has gone into scaling the business to a point where we can reach higher productivity and exceed market demand , growing it more and more . VB : What struggles did you have to endure as a woman growing your business ? JB : When I first started the business , people looked at the idea of the Tea Caravan and thought it was " quaint " and " cute " as if the business was just a fun craft project because I was a woman . Farmers and processing companies are 100% male and have a preconditioned idea that women are incapable of managing anything to do with agriculture . Being taken seriously is challenging , and setting up long - term relationships in itself is something that ticks over in the long term . VB : How is your business doing currently ? SP JB : We are currently at seven staff members , six of whom are women . We aim to skill from within the business , therefore work with the goals of our employees to train and move them into different roles in the business as it scales . Our revenue is increasing at a rate of 40% to 60% per annum . Our projections and scaling strategy should increase this to about 100% within the next year . Featured image : Richard Gregory via YouTube . SP
The cowboy builder stereotype may be largely an unfair one , but one enduring element of it that remains true is the prevalence of haggling instead of set pricing . Construction sector startup BUILT/ plans to transform that model by digitising the customer experience in a mobile - optimised web store that gives builders a better deal . Founder Nick Thomas developed BUILT/ because the market for building supplies had yet to undergo any digital transformation . SP The tradespeople were no Luddites in their personal uses of technology , but a data deficit in a complex supply chain , heavy equipment and a reliance on personal relationships had previously limited its application to sales in the sector . SP " The digital behaviours are there , they 're just not transferring to their professional lives , " he says . " They actually do want to adopt , they just need to be presented with something . " A new generation of builders more familiar with e - commerce and a growing desire for the common retail principle of price transparency convinced Thomas it was now ripe for digital disruption . SP Any sale of building materials is always negotiated face - to - face . BUILT/ intends to change that by adding transparency to pricing . " The traditional marketplace is characterised by a personal relationship between the general builder and your branch manager , " says Thomas . " It 's a personal relationship , and that 's how the customer develops trust with the brand . " The mass adoption of smartphones has made the old model of negotiating prices vulnerable by giving the ability to instantly search the market for more competitive prices . Builders were increasingly craving consistency in the availability of stock and more transparent pricing to match the majority of other retail sectors . " The retail basics of range , price and proximity are never going to go away ; they 're always the top three things that tradespeople say are important , " says Thomas . " But what they all crave is consistency in the availability of stock in particular . They want consistency of service but they also want this transparent pricing . " There is n't that much loyalty to the big names . They will say that personal relationship is vital , but you give them something better or something that is cheaper and it will ebb away . " To provide a service to replace this , he first needed to develop an entire dataset through discussions with suppliers . All of the information on pricing , inventory controls and product descriptions needed to be constructed from the ground up , as such a database did n't yet exist in the industry . When that was completed he was ready to provide a platform to sell the materials . Thomas previously established a fashion and footwear retail business called Cloggs.co.uk which he grew from nothing to a PS12 million business with no external funding before selling it to JD Sports in 2013 . His next role as e - commerce and multichannel director at discount bookstore The Works led to the development of a scalable multichannel platform that transforming stagnant website trading performance into a thriving e - commerce business . He then became the group digital and eVentures director at Travis Perkins , the UK 's largest builders ' merchants , which now provides BUILT/ with the supporting local infrastructure and relationships to overcome the many barriers to entry into the market . They helped him build an omni - channel platform on the NetSuite unified cloud commerce platform , which houses all the information for customers , their orders and suppliers in one place to provide a consistent and transparent service . The system shows real - time product availability online and gives shops access to the inventory from anywhere in the business Builders can source materials on a project - by - project basis by providing transparent fixed pricing online and a choice of how to receive their orders . Customers can receipt order by either delivery or click and collect or just by showing up in store . Builders can set up an online account to review their purchase history and balance and pay their invoices online . SP They can create a project product list online and then visit a local store , where a salesperson can access the list and finish the purchase in store . SP If the builder is n't ready to purchase any items they can instead add them to their e - commerce cart or list and complete the transaction at a later date . BUILT/ will start small and grow fast when it launches in the UK later this year . " Our mission is to make the entire purchasing experience as painless and efficient as possible , " says Thomas . " Greater convenience and ease of doing business rank among our customers ' top priorities . "
The UK events sector is worth about PS40 billion a year , but it is still a remarkably traditional ' offline ' industry based on relationships between individuals . That 's something one startup is slowly starting to change . Hire Space , an online marketplace for venues , was launched three years ago by two friends : Edward Poland and Will Swannell . Neither had any experience in events or venues . Swannell was a secondary school teacher and Poland worked for an MP . The idea came to Swannell when he realised how many schools sit empty after hours . The startup was originally conceived as a way to help underused public sector buildings , struggling with austerity , to bring in another revenue stream , Poland tells Techworld . It has since become far wider in scope , with 5,000 venues across the UK listed and another 100 added every month . The site hosts an eclectic mix of spaces from the London Eye and the Olympic Velodrome to Hampton Court Palace and Shakespeare 's Globe . The startup employs 40 staff and the majority of its users work in the professional events business organising conferences , parties , weddings and meetings , according to Poland . " We have an incredible team . They could run the business . And they free me up to have the luxury of thinking about big strategic questions , " he says . SP " We wanted it to be a transactional platform letting people book a venue in a few clicks . We wanted it to be website first , " he explains . The company has now raised PS2.5 million in total , including PS500,000 from crowdfunding platform Crowdcube and early angel investment from Karen Hanton , founder of restaurant booker TopTable . Hire Space is free for users but takes commission from venues ( apart from public sector spaces , which are allowed to list for free ) . SP Poland hopes Hire Space 's data might help provide insights into the events industry . " Last year we had about 25,000 enquiries and 4.5 million page views on the site . That 's great insight , so we will release a report based on the data , " he says . " We are very new to this sector . Our competitors ' main reaction has been to be baffled , confused or fearful , " Poland adds . The company 's relative youth is no bar to ambition however . Looking ahead , Poland says he is considering expanding overseas and growing the range of services offered . " There is enormous potential for Hire Space . We get people at the start of the event planning cycle . We could even become a full events marketplace . We 're in a position where we are thinking about what 's next , " he says .
Competitive analysis is an essential element of a business plan , but unfortunately , many startups are n't ready to accept this fact . The result is in front of us -- 90 percent of them fail within the first 18 months . As a business owner , it 's your job to handle this issue in an effective manner and forge ahead accordingly . If you wish to see your business touching new heights in today 's highly - competitive world , then take every possible step to know your competitors and shoot ahead of them before things become hot and bothered . Many business owners consider competition the biggest hurdle in the market . They believe they could do much better if there was no one to compete with . This is not true at all . Competition , in fact , is healthy for the market augmentation and helps consumers in a significant manner . It pushes large businesses to improve their services for the sake of expansion and allows consumers to make better decisions . For small businesses or startups , however , it creates stumbling blocks which they can approach as a boon or bane . It entirely depends on the individual mindset as to how he perceives competition . Should you wish to fast - track your growth , then learn to handle competition effectively . As long as you compete with a publicly traded company , collecting information is very easy due to various legal implications . But if it 's a private company , then you may need to walk the extra mile to get desired results . What you can do is follow the below - mentioned five ways and conduct a competitive analysis to outdo your competitors before it 's too late . SP Instead of using the latest tech - enabled tools and hire experts to collect information about your competitors . You could simply talk to their customer care executives and understand the pitch they use for selling . Lest your competitors have a strong offline presence , you can simply visit their stores and collect information about all the major products . It will help you figure out how their products can be further improved and launched in a revamped avatar . In addition to this , you can check their reviews , opinions , and suggestions about the products and what improvements they would want to see in them . Doing so will give you a primary idea of what lies ahead and how much you need to improvise to get an edge over others . The previous step is good to initiate the proceedings , but you can not entirely depend on it to get desired results . That 's where the role of credit and background reports becomes important . The moment you use them , you get a clear idea of how much efforts you need to put to outdo your competitors . There are many service providers in the market that can help you with company credit check . Go with the one that carries a solid track record and can live up to your expectations . They are golden options for many businesses in specific areas . All you need to do is visit your local chamber of commerce or any other government department that deals with the business registration process . There you can find business directories , containing information about all the businesses operating in that area in a hassle - free manner . Besides , you can also opt for a paid directory service in your area and check out who else is present in the same field that you 're trying to explore . SP Above mentioned tips are good enough for competitive analysis in the offline market , but since you 're living in the information age , you need to cover the online market as well . Most businesses try to maintain a consistent online presence through websites , blogs , social media accounts , forums , etc . You could hire a social media expert for company search or spend some time yourself and check out how well they are performing . This will help you stretch your own limits and perform better once you hit the floor and kickstart business proceedings . Each country has its own economic census , which contains detailed information of all the businesses engaged in the production or distribution of goods & services in the online or offline market . For example , U.S. economic census can be accessed at www.census.gov/econ , while U.K. economic census is www.ons.gov.uk . Likewise , you can search for the economic census of any country and take a look at the lists of different businesses easily . It will give you a precise information about the number of registered businesses in any specific niche or market . Use this information to plan your growth strategy . There are many other ways through which you can do competitive analysis ; however , the ones mentioned here are widely used by many millennial entrepreneurs and new - age startups . You can give them a shot to make better decisions and outdo your competitors over time . Read more tips on marketing at Tech . Co
Spring is here ! The sun is shining a little brighter , the birds are chirping a little louder , and your seasonal depression has been downgraded to some light hibernation . What have you missed , you ask ? Well , you ' ve missed a whole slew of Tech . Co top stories that will knock your socks off . Read about hi - tech intercom systems , upcoming TED Talk speakers , and how to deal with working around someone you hate . Take a look at the top stories below and get excited for a SP new week of Tech . Co coverage . Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here .
California - based on - demand insurance startup Trov has raised US$ 45 million ( $ 59.44 million ) in a Series D round led by Munich Re / HSB Ventures , with participation from all its Series C investors , including Australia 's Suncorp Group . The funding , which brings the total raised by the startup to date to US$ 85 million ( $ 112.28 million ) , will be used to launch the platform into new markets and expand the categories of items that it covers . Munich Re will be underwriting Trov 's insurance capabilities across Europe , Asia , and South Africa , while new investor Sompo Holdings will help bring Trov to Japan . The Trov app launched last year , enabling consumers to buy insurance for individual items , such as laptops , bikes , instruments and so on , and turn it on or off as they please , creating ' micro - duration ' policies . Australia was its first launch market for the app thanks to a friendly regulatory atmosphere and a partnership the startup had established with Suncorp in 2014 to help users keep track of their belongings through its tech . Investing US$ 5 million into Trov 's Series C round last year , Suncorp has also underwritten the startup 's insurance risk locally . The app has since had over 35,000 downloads in Australia , according to Trov , with more than $ 2 million worth of items protected . The startup also stated that 65 percent of Australian customers did not switch off the insurance once they had switched it on . The startup stated in November that the majority of engagement had been from 18 - 34 year olds , who have most commonly been protecting items such as mobile phones and laptops . Scott Walchek , founder and CEO of Trov , said , " Trov 's early success in Australia and UK is demonstrating that modern consumers want a new way to protect their things . With the additional capital and extensive partnerships , soon millions of people around the world will be empowered to protect the things that enhance their lives whenever and however they want . " " The combined capabilities of key global insurance leaders will streamline our regulatory path and increase our go - to - market effectiveness in each new territory we pursue . " The latest Pulse of Fintech report from KPMG , examining fintech trends and investment over the fourth quarter of 2016 , identified insurance technology ( insurtech ) as a particularly strong trend , with global investment in the sector crossing US$ 1 billion , up from the US$ 590 million invested in 2015 . The report predicted that most insurtech investments will most likely focus on companies specialising on specific individual components of the insurance process , though " there may be some that follow the lead of Lemonade and Trov " , which it identified as early - mover , full - service digital insurance providers .
There are so many daily tasks and obligations in our lives that can fill our head make us easily distracted . From buying our weekly groceries and remembering to turn the lights off before we leave to making coffee and turning on the security alarm , it 's these trivial things that can really make life more complex and costly if we are n't able to organize and prioritize them into a daily routine . But what if those tasks could be simplified down to a push of a button ? You wake up , the coffee is already being made , your grocery list is immediately compiled , all of the lights are on , and your Lyft is already scheduled to be on its way to take you to work . And you only had to take a few steps out of bed to make it all happen . It 's a fantasy that 's about to become reality . SP Introducing FetchitGO by Tantiv4 , the universal remote for a simpler life . This striking piece of technology is a stationary remote control that is malleable enough to be able to connect with and control almost any piece of technology in your household . It does n't end there : FetchitGO connects with your smartphone and opens the possibility for you to control your apps from it and set reminders for yourself to get your chores done . SP The biggest things FetchitGO can accomplish includes controlling the thermostat , controlling lights , finding your lost phone , medicine reminders , playing music and buying groceries . But the beauty of this technology is that you can program it to do almost anything . You are truly making it your own . The best part , you do n't have to be a tech geek to get the hang of FetchitGO , and that 's what the creators intended . FetchitGO is meant to be accessible to the everyday person who wants to keep their life organized so they can stay ahead of the game . Tantiv4 has a series of tutorials to get your FetchitGo off the ground and integrated into your life . It can also be a lifesaver for those who do n't necessarily use a smartphone . For senior citizens , they could press a button on their wall and connect directly to their grandkids . And we all need a little more time with grandma , right ? Tantiv4 launched a Kickstarter page for the smart remote a few months ago , has over 300 backers and raised $ 50,000 with time to spare . They are using the extra time to raise more money to integrate FetchitGO compatible with more technology , like Openhab 2 in a DIY SD card image . The company estimates delivery of FetchitGo in June 2017 . Tantiv4 is always seeking out tech companies to partner with to make FetchitGO even more universal . As of now , some of their partners include Spotify , Logitech , Nest , Lifx and Hue . As soon as FetchitGO starts breaking into the market , it can only be expected that there will be many more . SP The FetchitGO team , Tantiv4 , is a mix of industry veterans and young designers who really know their stuff . Lokesh Johri , CEO , leads the team . He 's an expert on team leadership , has experience in software development and successfully sold a previous startup . Swaroop Adusumilli , COO , has been in systems silicon design and has designed numerous chips for USB hubs , networking , security and microprocessors . Neeraj Chauhan , marketing advisor and Tantiv4 board member , is the CEO of Obi phones and has led a one billion dollar distribution company . Sukwon Park is the design manager and responsible for the aesthetics of the products . Most of us need to be a little more organized in our life . You can back their Kickstarter and preorder one here . This featured startup is part of our premium Spotlight Feature Series . Learn more about how your company or crowdfunding project can get noticed and reach thousands of readers around the country , including influencers , investors and more .
Sydney coworking space Tank Stream Labs ( TSL ) and Melbourne counterpart York Butter Factory ( YBF ) are looking to put an end to State of Origin - type rivalries in the Australian startup community , today announcing a partnership that will allow their respective members to work in the other space for free . The spaces aim to foster a national approach to the development of the Australian tech landscape , which has increasingly become state - based as state governments around the country develop their own innovation policies . Bradley Delamare , CEO of Tank Stream Labs , said the Melbourne vs Sydney debate distracts from the " real issues " affecting Australian startups . " The competition should n't be between cities , it should be between Australia and the rest of the world , " he said . " Ensuring the success of Australian companies should be the number one priority of the Australian government and the local startup community more generally . A great innovation ecosystem takes a national effort . If the states and cities band together to promote growth in the nation 's startup sector , Australian companies can become global players . " York Butter Factory 's general manager , Jason Lim , added , " We strongly believe that if interstate governments , incubators , coworking spaces and other stakeholders collaborate we can greatly improve the outcomes for Australian startups . " Our goal in entering into this partnership is to allow startups working from TSL and YBF to access the existing , supportive coworking networks each of the spaces has developed , making interstate travel more seamless . Growing companies need to be able to easily jump from place to place , we 're making that happen . " The Victorian and NSW governments have been bullish in their bid to make their respective states Australia 's premier tech hub , with Queensland too spending big through its Advance Queensland funding program to develop its startup landscape . Victoria has been keen to boast its chops by attracting international companies to Melbourne , with the government helping the likes of Alibaba , Zendesk , Slack , and GoPro establish their regional headquarters in the city . The Victorians haven't been shy about lording it over Sydney , either , famously promising Freelancer funding to rebrand SydStart to StartCon and bring it to Melbourne ( the plan then unceremoniously fell apart ) . The NSW government , for its part , has had a particular focus on fintech , making a significant effort to position Sydney as a fintech leader across the wider Asia Pacific region . TSL and YBF say the development of a national approach is key in the face of international coworking giants WeWork and RocketSpace launching locally - though cashed up , these players do n't yet have detailed knowledge of the Australian ecosystem or the partnerships with local corporates to help members progress , the locals believe . Also looking beyond its own cityscape is Sydney coworking institution Fishburners , which last year expanded into Brisbane .
The burgeoning startup ecosystem in Canada is recently gaining a flurry of mainstream attention and more and more eyes seem to be on the country 's hospitable environment for entrepreneurs . In 2016 , over $ 3 billion in Canadian venture capital deals were made , according to the Canadian Venture Capital & Private Equity Association . This momentum does n't appear to be stopping anytime soon , according to some industry players . Here are their takes on what 's fueling Canada 's startup industry . Ottawa - based Klipfolio is a SaaS analytics dashboards tool with customers in over 120 countries . The company has raised $ 19.6 M in venture funding to date . SP Allan Wille , Klipfolio President and CEO , bootstrapped the company for several years and had thought that being acquired by a company south of the border was an inevitability . SP " Five , six , seven years ago , I would have thought that an exit will come through an acquisition , and it will most likely happen with a US company . " Wille points to Canadian startups like Hootsuite and Vision Critical that have " resisted that early exit to a foreign company . " " I think there 's more of a ' we can do it here , all the way attitude . ' " Wille says that Canada 's strong talent pool and the foreign exchange market have caught the attention of US companies and investors . " We have started getting calls from US companies and recruiters to hire Canadians , but not move them to the States . They want to hire Canadians and keep them in Canada , because the salary , especially compared to the foreign exchange market , is way less expensive . I think we 're recognizing that there 's a talent pool and a hiring pool here that we can benefit from , and I think US investors are realizing that as well . " Wille also points to Canada 's tax credits that benefit early stage organizations investing in R&D projects and talent . As the General Partner of Real Ventures , a leading seed stage fund in Canada , Janet Bannister noted she continues to see the quality of Canadian entrepreneurs increase significantly year after year . " I ' m thrilled with what we 're seeing in the entrepreneurial ecosystem , right across the country . And I think of it of something like a snowball effect . SP If you have a strong entrepreneur building a great company , it encourages other young entrepreneurs . It also trains a whole group of people . " " Those people will someday leave Shopify and start their own company or join another fast - growing company , and take the skills and expertise that they learnt . " Shopify COO Harley Finkelstein was recognized as ' Angel Investor of the Year ' at this year 's Canadian Startup Awards . In a statement , Finkelstein expressed that his role at Shopify has enabled him to invest in emerging Canadian startups . Shopify 's leaders may also endeavour to keep their M&A activity domestic , as four out of five of the companies they have acquired are Canada - based . Leo Lax , currently the Executive Managing Director of SaaS Accelerator L - SPARK [ disclosure : I work for L - SPARK ] has witnessed various segments in Canadian tech rise and fall . His career spans decades and it includes various roles within telecommunications companies in Ottawa . The city was widely known as Canada 's epicentre of telecom development until the industry grinded to a halt in the early 2000s . SP Recently the region has transitioned to gaining recognition for thriving software firms and autonomous vehicle technology development . SP Lax credits cities being known for a particular innovation as being critical to creating centres for entrepreneurial excellence . " Canada has a number of strong clusters , and those clusters have enabled certain regions to excel . " Typically the region boasts a global anchor company that lends itself to attracting like - mind companies and enables it to become a " rich and fertile place for entrepreneurs . " Lucy Screnci has written about tech , business and startups for the Ottawa Business Journal , Techopia and Techvibes.com . She is currently the editor for Voice of the North and is Digital Content Manager at L - SPARK , Canada 's SaaS Accelerator .
Is Portugal now focusing on launching startups instead of ships ? I do n't think we have to wait a few hundred years to see some great success stories from the Portuguese startup scene . Here are a few picks of my own in this yearly exercise of startup magic . Sorry for those who deserved to maintain last year nomination , but , you know , opportunities and so on . And for those who deserved to be here but did n't make it because of criteria and so forth . To all , keep pushing , we need you ! AgroInsider : Starting at EUR1 per hectare per year , agricultures can now be monitored by satellite . That 's the business of AgroInsider , that also combines sensors and analytics for better and larger crops , recently got EUR50,000 for feasibility studies funded by Horizon 2020 and a second prize at AgroExpo 2017 in Spain . Attentive : A sales intelligence agent that connects with the Web and integrates insights with your CRM ? That 's what Attentive has developed that attracted several advisors to an early investment round and got the company selected to 2017 Techstars ' Acceleration Program . DefinedCrowd : Consider Crowd - as - a - Service , add Machine Learning and take natural language processing to the next level , that 's DefinedCrowd recipe . Portugal Ventures , Amazon Alexa Fund , Sony Innovation Fund and Microsoft Ventures invest in the Portuguese company with bases in Lisbon and Seattle . FarmCloud : Say you own a pig farm and you 're just wondering how to gather and manage production data , then FarmCloud comes to hand with FarmConnector . The equipment launched this year is a plug & play , real - time , data enabler device that integrates controllers from different manufacturers with a cloud based software , to be available in real time . Infraspeak : The Porto based Facility Management Platform provides facility managers , either from hospitals , banks or hotels , with maintenance management tools . In 2016 Infraspeak participated in the Lisbon Challenge and 500 Startups programs and this year they are already looking for international expansion . knok : Also dubbed " Uber for Doctors " and last years ' " most investable " startup according to the Global Investment Forum , knok healthcare developed a mobile platform where patients can get an appointment with a doctor based on current location , either immediately or by appointment . The Porto - based startup completed a PS300k seed round with London 's Mustard Seed , to expand services in Portugal and other countries . ProdSmart : Very Industry 4.0 , Prodsmart provides real time , sensor based information from production lines and user inputs , transforming any factory in a digital smart factory . The subscription based Manufacturing Execution System won Startup Lisboa Boost and Caixa Empreender Award , securing EUR200k in financing , on top of being the winners of Microsoft 's sponsored Startup Challenge . That 's all from Portugal , see you soon !
Evidence is vital for a startup to keep growing . Startups are regularly making enterprise - level sales at every stage of the cycle , from initial conversations with potential prospects to account growth , and without a little information , the wrong decision is only a meeting away . The primary indicator of insufficient evidence is prospects continually asking for validation of a product 's claims . After all , B2B models are rigorous , and there 's no room for hope when the bottom line is at stake . On the flip side , strong evidence can separate you from the competition and give your customers confidence while communicating your startup 's expertise . The importance of research - based evidence is heaviest in healthcare technology , where decision makers are accustomed to clinical trial - level evidence . That said , evidence is equally important in all industries . Here 's how to utilize it at every step of your startup 's growth : Lead with research - based proof of value creation that addresses a current problem for your client . Then , you 'll be able to get a second meeting by addressing a long - standing pain point the organization has struggled with . Potential partners will judge your credibility by the level of evidence you cite upfront . Although the randomized controlled trial -- in which participants are arbitrarily sorted into treatment or placebo groups -- is the gold standard of clinical evidence , the model can be extended to the rest of the technology world . RCTs tease out variables that could skew your data and can put a prospective customer 's mind at ease . However , the evidence you quote must mirror your audience 's situation . Make sure your finance people know to make sure there 's probable ROI for every budgeted line item . Give them what they need ! Help them defend the decision to purchase your product with logic and financial modeling . Use a consultative approach to determine what effects your product can have on the financial people 's bottom line and whether an opportunity exists for top - line growth . Build a spreadsheet comparing your product 's value with its cost . Include industry - accepted assumptions with references and the evidence that your product has proven itself in similar situations . Along with price , consider employee allocation -- efficiency is the path to large corporations ' hearts . After you ' ve signed a contract , post - purchase adoption of new tech is how you get users to realize the value of your product . The best - case scenario is that you engaged users during the decision - making process and they 're excited to get started . But that 's not always the case . If users see your product as something to stress about , testimonials can be the most valuable evidence . Give users a case study , and reference anecdotes of users with similar roles . Your end users generally wo n't have budget oversight , so restrict the evidence to how your product can save time and make their jobs easier . Your ability to scale is how you grow accounts -- communication with the lead decision maker is key . Even if you ca n't meet with the purchasing authority in person , keep them updated with reports of progress and value created . During implementation , goals should be explicitly laid out for the term of your agreement . These reports should address progress toward achieving those goals . When you identify additional opportunities for your product 's use , decision makers must be confident your product will continue producing positive effects . This confidence comes from seeing evidence that the product is already providing value . About half of startup businesses last longer than four years . Beat the odds by building your startup 's own road map to success . Provide evidence that your product works and that it positively affects a company 's bottom line -- and that it can grow to meet companies ' evolving needs . Read more about startup success here on Tech . Co SP
The taxi - hailing app is considered both brilliant and controversial , depending on who you ask . Here we ' ve documented the company 's journey to a $ 50 billion valuation . Disclaimer : it 's been a bit of a bumpy one ... 13 April 2017 Using a software programme called ' Hell ' , Uber has been secretly tracking Lyft drivers , The Information reports . Uber used ' Hell ' to create fake Lyft accounts which meant it could monitor how many drivers were available for new rides and what their location was . This comes a few months after Uber staff were caught spying on celebrities and former partners using a tool called ' God 's View ' , now called Heaven . Read more on this below . 10 April 2017 Uber has been ordered to stop all activities across the entirety of Italy , Reuters reports . The ban comes after courts ruled that Uber represents unfair competition for taxi drivers , claiming that Uber does n't respect transportation laws . Uber has been granted 10 days to stop all its activities including any advertising and marketing campaigns . After that , the company must pay EUR10,000 ( PS8,533 ) per day if it continues to operate . 20 March 2016 After joining the company less than six months ago , Uber president Jeff Jones is stepping down , in a move that was " completely unexpected " by colleagues . The BBC reports that Jones grew frustrated that a new COO was being appointed and he was not being considered for the position . However , according to Recode , Jones 's departure is due to Uber 's ongoing controversies surrounding sexism and sexual harassment . In a statement on Sunday Uber said : " We want to thank Jeff for his six months at the company and wish him all the best . " Read more here . 13 March 2017 Uber announced last week that it 's shutting down its UberTAXI service in London , as of the 31 March 2017 . SP Launched in 2014 , UberTAXI lets Uber customers hail black cabs through its mobile app , rather than a normal Uber car . " Since we first launched UberTAXI , hundreds of black cab drivers have taken tens of thousands of trips through the Uber app . However , in recent months , those numbers have tailed off , " said Uber in a blog post published Friday afternoon . " At Uber we always want our riders to be able to get a car whenever they want and wherever they are - no matter which option on our app they choose . That hasn't been the case recently with UberTAXI , which is why we will be ending this option on 31 March , " it added . In the statement , Uber said that it would be focusing on car - sharing options and even fully electric cars . 1 March 2017 Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has apologised after a video obtained by Bloomberg showed him in a heated exchange with Uber driver Fawzi Kamel . Kamel expressed his distress at the way Uber treats its drivers , even telling the CEO : " I ' m bankrupt because of you " . " You 're raising the standards , and you 're dropping the prices , " said Kamel . " People are not trusting you anymore . I lost $ 97,000 because of you . I ' m bankrupt because of you . " Kamel then added : " You keep changing every day . " In response , Kalanick said : " Some people do n't like to take responsibility for their own shit . They blame everything in their life on somebody else . Good luck ! " Then he proceeded to slam the car door . 24 February 2017 Waymo is taking legal action against Otto , a self - driving vehicle company bought by Uber last year for $ 700 m . Uber is being sued for stealing trade secrets and technology , according to the BBC . The lawsuit alleges that Anthony Levandowski , a former Waymo employee , took information from Waymo by ' downloading 14,000 highly confidential and proprietary design files ' before moving on to cofound Otto . " Our parent company Alphabet has long worked with Uber in many areas , and we did n't make this decision lightly , " said Waymo in a blog post . 3 February 2017 Following heavy criticism of Uber 's practices during recent anti - Trump protests , Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has stepped down from Donald Trump 's economic advisory council . Kalanick said that his participation was ' misinterpreted ' as an endorsement of Trump 's agenda . " Earlier today I spoke briefly with the president about the immigration executive order and its issues for our community . " I also let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council . Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that , " said Kalanick in an email to Uber employees obtained by the Guardian . 2 February 2017 After the protests against Trump 's executive order banning refugees and nationals of seven Muslim countries last week , Uber was accused of trying to profit from the protest . This has led to over 200,000 people deleting their Uber accounts following the # DeleteUber boycott , according to a report from The New York Times . 14 December 2016 Uber 's self - driving cars will pick up passengers in the San Francisco area today . This expansion of Uber 's Pittsburg trial earlier this year involves each enabled Volvo SUV housing a safety driver and an Uber test engineer to take start manually driving the car when needed and monitor the smart technology . All passengers need to do is request an uberX using the standard consumer - facing mobile app . 13 December 2016 According to reports , Uber employees have been spying on celebrities and former partners . Uber staff used its ' God 's View ' feature to monitor the movements of " high - profile politicians , celebrities and even personal acquaintances of Uber employees , including ex - boyfriends / girlfriends , and ex - spouses " , wrote Samuel Ward Spangenberg 's , Uber 's former forensic investigator . Earlier this year Spangenberg was fired from Uber over age discrimination . Uber told Reveal in a statement : " we have hundreds of security and privacy experts working around the clock to protect our data . This includes enforcing to authorised employees solely for purposes of their job responsibilities , and all potential violations are quickly and thoroughly investigated . " Uber also said that its " God View " tool no longer existed , instead opting for an internal tool called " Heaven View " . 26 October 2016 Uber has joined forces with AB InBev to transport 50,000 bottles of Budweiser , in what is thought to be the world 's first self - driving commercial delivery . SP The truck transported the beer more than 120 miles with police vehicles in tow , with reports suggesting the truck driver was relaxing in the back sleeping cab . SP 16 September 2016 From today Uber will be collecting images of UK city streets , starting with London . According to the BBC , these images will be used to determine the best pick - up and drop - off points around the city with plans to expand mapping activities to Leeds , Manchester and Birmingham . This image data will most likely aid Uber 's driverless cars ambitions . 14 September 2016 During an interview with Bloomberg last month , Uber CEO Travis Kalanick revealed that it will deploy around 100 ' driverless cars ' in Pittsburgh . SP Each vehicle will be fitted with self - driving capabilities and be staffed by one engineer , designed to take control of the car if needed and a co - pilot to note its progress , with the addition of a computer to record trips and map their data . This move comes after Uber acquired Otto , a startup aiming to deliver autonomy to lorries and trucks . Numerous reports have suggested Uber may use these capabilities in its own driverless car plan , or potentially its own driverless lorry business . 18 August 2016 Uber is taking legal action against London 's transport authority TFL over its plans to force Uber drivers to pass a written exam in English . SP The legal battle centres on TFL 's new rules for private hire drivers that require people from non - English speaking countries to take ( and pass ) a mandatory written English test costing PS200 . In addition to this , Uber has taken issue with TfL 's rule that drivers must be covered by commercial insurance during out - of - work hours . 29 June 2016 Uber has been operating in London since 2012 when it launched 90 cars in the capital . In the same year Uber rolled out services to Toronto and Sydney with a soft launch in Singapore taking place in early 2013 . SP 19 November 2015 Uber has introduced a new feature which allows all of its users to switch between their personal and business profiles , so that business trips are charged straight back to the company . This will cut down on the need to keep receipts and file expense forms , but could also lead to some red faces if users forget to switch between accounts . SP Read more here . The man in charge of Uber 's international expansion is leaving the taxi - app company , following regulatory challenges in Europe . Neil Wass , the senior vice president for Europe , Middle East and Africa and Asia - Pacific will leave Uber at the end of the year , according to the Financial Times . 8 May 2015 Taxi - app Uber has bid for Nokia 's Here mapping business in a bid to reduce its dependence on Google , reports suggest . SP Read more here . SP 27 April 2015 A US court is mulling over a bill that would subject Massachusetts - based drivers for companies like Uber and Lyft to criminal background checks . SP That safety provision is just one outlined in a bill that is designed to regulate ride - sharing companies without stifling them . Read more here . SP That safety provision is just one outlined in a bill that is designed to regulate ride - sharing companies without stifling them . Read more here . SP 21 April 2015 A court case that alleges Uber discriminates against blind passengers will be allowed to proceed despite an attempt by Uber to have it thrown out , a California judge ruled . SP The lawsuit , which concerns several alleged incidents in which Uber drivers refused service to blind passengers with service animals , represents another battle over whether Uber should be governed by the sale rules that cover taxis , buses and other public transportation companies . Read more here . SP Read more here . SP 20 March 2015 SP Uber is in a standoff with the government over whether or not it is part of the sharing economy in the UK , Techworld can reveal . SP The San Francisco - headquartered company has expressed an interest in joining the newly - created , government - backed Sharing Economy UK ( SEUK ) trade body but there are a number of obstacles that need to be overcome beforehand . Read more here . 19 March 2015 Taxi companies in California have sued Uber Technologies in a federal court , charging the ride - hailing smartphone app company with misleading advertising regarding the safety of its rides . Uber has made false and misleading advertisements regarding the safety of rides on its UberX platform , and criticised the safety of taxi rides offered by the taxi companies , the 19 firms said in a lawsuit filed Wednesday in the US District Court for the Northern District of California , San Francisco division . Read more here . SP Read more here . SP 11 March 2015 The two companies want to classify their drivers as contractors rather than employees , which means they are not subject to employment protection law . In separate cases , two federal judges said the status of the companies ' drivers will need to be decided by juries . If the drivers are considered employees , they could be entitled to minimum wages and any tips that customers pay , as well as other benefits . In that sense , the case is seen as a legal test that could affect other companies in the " sharing economy . " Read more here . SP In that sense , the case is seen as a legal test that could affect other companies in the " sharing economy . " Read more here . SP 4 March 2015 Uber has bought mapping and location company deCarta in a bid to both improve its driver performance and develop new services . California - based DeCarta SP holds a variety of data pertaining to mapping , local search and turn - by - turn navigation . Its global location based services were used by Google Maps ( 2005 - 2008 ) and are used today by GM OnStar , Ford Sync , Samsung , Inrix , Blackberry and over 25 mobile operators worldwide . Read more here 3 March 2015 Uber founders Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp are new arrivals in the Forbes annual ranking of the world 's billionaires , with a net worth each of $ 5.3bn . Ryan Graves , who five years ago reputedly replied " hire me :) " to a tweet about a job with an unknown startup , is now worth $ 1.4bn . Nice money if you can get it , but old new technology money dominates the rankings .... Read more here 2 March 2015 The names and license plate numbers of about 50,000 Uber drivers were compromised in a security breach last year , the company revealed Friday . Read more here 25 February 2015 Uber is set to start rewarding its customers each time they stay in a particular hotel . SP The ride - hailing service is teaming up with Starwood Hotels & Resorts to boost the use of its app among the well - traveled crowd . Through the partnership , members of Starwood 's guest loyalty program can link their accounts with Uber accounts and earn Starwood credits whenever they take an Uber ride . They 'll earn more credits if they take the ride while staying in one of the hotel company 's 1,200 properties in 100 countries . Read more here . SP They 'll earn more credits if they take the ride while staying in one of the hotel company 's 1,200 properties in 100 countries . Read more here . SP 20 February 2015 Uber released more stocks in a bid to raise an extra $ 1 billion and meet investor demand . SP The latest expansion brings the total amount of money Uber raised from the funding round to $ 2.8 billion . The extra cash injection does n't increase Uber 's valuation , which is still $ 40 billion . Read more here . SP 3 February 2015 Google has already invested at least $ 258 million into Uber but there are a few reasons why a complete buyout makes perfect sense . The companies are heading in some of the same directions . Both Uber and Google are now working on driverless car technology and transportation and delivery services . Uber announced the creation of the " Uber Advanced Technologies Centre " in Pittsburgh through a partnership with Carnegie Mellon University , which will focus on long - term technology in the areas of mapping , vehicle safety and " autonomy technology . " Were Google to acquire Uber , it might head off a possible confrontation between the companies as both push deeper into developing similar services . Read more here . SP 3 February 2015 Uber will open a technology centre near the Carnegie Mellon University to help put driverless cars on the road . The research team , based near the Carnegie Mellon campus in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , will focus on mapping , car safety technology and driverless robotics . Read more here . SP Read more here . SP 29 January 2015 A passenger who says she was raped and sexually assaulted by an Uber driver in New Delhi sues Uber in a US court , alleging that the company was negligent and that its commitment to passenger safety comes second to profits . Read more here . SP 19 Janurary 2015 Uber promises 50,000 new jobs in Europe in 2015 alone , in an bid to get more cities on the continent to approve its ride - hailing service . Read more here . SP 19 January 2015 Can Uber still be classed as a startup if CEO Travis Kalanick successfully creates 50,000 jobs across Europe this year ? The company believes it can , but others are n't so sure . SP Many of the world 's largest technology companies , including Google and Facebook , still consider themselves to be startups in one sense or another . Indeed , they see being a startup as more of a state of mentality as opposed to how old the company is , how large its revenues are or how many staff it employs . SP When asked if Uber is still a startup , a spokesperson for the company said : " I have not heard otherwise . " Read more here . SP When asked if Uber is still a startup , a spokesperson for the company said : " I have not heard otherwise . " Read more here . SP 13 January 2015 SP Boston city officials will be the first to dip their fingers into Uber 's pot of data , under new plans laid out by the mobile car - summoning service . The effort , Uber says , is geared toward city planning in areas that include managing urban growth as well as improving traffic flows and congestion . By seeing how residents travel across a city , for instance , municipalities might have better information for creating or reducing parking zones , Uber says . Uber 's data would add to the trip records from traditional taxi and other car service providers that local regulators already receive . Read more here . SP 8 January 2015 Troublesome Uber is encountering opposition from courts and taxi drivers in nearly every city it operates in . The extent of the controversies has made it difficult for some people to keep up , but data analysts at Silk have now created a number of visualisations depicting each of Uber 's regulatory conflicts around the world . Read more here . SP Read more here . SP 7 January 2015 Uber has expanded its driver perks programme from the US to the UK as part of an effort to sign up more taxi drivers to its service . Read more here . SP Read more here . SP 6 January 2015 Uber is expanding aggressively worldwide but it is clearly chasing some markets more than others . Data released at the end of last year by data analysis firm Silk suggests that Uber is particularly keen on growing its operations in Asia . Uber wants to recruit 144 non - drivers in Asia , 81 in Europe , 29 in South America , 28 in Oceania , 17 in Africa and six in the Middle East , according to data sent to Techworld at the end of December . In the UK , Uber is recruiting for 13 positions , with seven of those falling under operations , two under local marketing and support and two under public policy and communication . There are no engineering positions being advertised in the UK , despite the well - established engineering communities around clusters like London 's Silicon Roundabout and Cambridge . Read more here . SP 15 December 2014 Uber is offering the public free journeys after it was criticised for upping the price of journeys around the area where hostages are being held in Sydney , Australia . Uber increased fares by four times due to high demand in Sydney 's central business district ( CBD ) following a hostage crisis in a cafe . Read more here . SP
Buying furniture for a home comes with it 's own sticker shock . Add in a custom - made couch and the price alone could make your heart stop . Well , one founder decided that he was done with the outrageous cost of nice furniture and cut out the middlemen . Rob Royer is the founder and CEO of Interior Define , a startup that builds furniture on demand and will customize everything , including the size , shape , color , fabric , filling , and frame . Rob was one of the early employees at Bonobos and took much of what he learned over to Interior Define , which he launched in 2014 . Through Interior Define , shoppers can buy a hand - crafted , custom - made couch with the fabric they like for a lot less that regular retail showrooms . The challenge Royer had to get over was convincing someone to spend thousands of dollars on a sofa they haven't seen in person . In this episode of Tech in Chicago , we talk about how Royer got involved with Bonobos , how he entered the furniture industry , the importance of partnerships in the lifestyle space , using PR in their early days , building out a guide shop as an online brand , marketing strategy , and how to attract a big hire away from a larger company to work for their startup . We actually recorded this episode sitting on one of their sofas in their Lincoln Park guide shop . SP Click here to listen on iTunes or click here to listen on Google Play . This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Recharge , a two - year - old , San Francisco - based company whose app enables users to book a stay in a hotel for just 66 cents a minute , is opening in select New York hotels today , after testing its service over the last year in San Francisco . The company has also raised an undisclosed amount of funding from JetBlue Technology Ventures , the corporate venture arm of airline JetBlue , which began providing seed funding to early - stage tech , travel and hospitality startups roughly a year ago . Recharge 's earlier investors include Binary Capital , Floodgate , entrepreneur Rick Marini , Eniac VC , Expansion VC , investors Scott and Cyan Banister and early Google engineer Harry Cheung . They 'd provided the company with $ 2.3 million in seed funding as of June of last year . Recharge is an interesting startup , one that we ' ve half - kiddingly compared in the past with hotels that have long rented rooms by the hour for illicit activities . Given the caliber of the hotels with which it 's partnering , however , it 's seemingly time to rethink its place in the world . In New York , customers can now book rooms at The Pierre , W New York , The Knickerbocker and 1 Hotel Central . In San Francisco , it has struck partnerships with 15 properties , from the downtown Hilton hotel to the five - star hotel Taj Campton Place . According to co - founder and CEO Emmanuel Bamfo , Recharge , which has been used by at least 25,000 people to date , has several primary use cases . These include business travelers who may want to freshen up before heading into a meeting ; families who might be doing some shopping and dining and need a place to relax ; and local commuters who do n't have the time or inclination to ride home between work and evening engagements . Recharge 's partnership with JetBlue is purely financial for now , but Bamfo sees a day , too , when airlines use Recharge as a perk to offer for first - class travelers . You can imagine the business traveler whose flight is delayed being given a Recharge voucher , for example . According to the 10-person company , the average stay is two hours . Customers of its most expensive hotels pay $ 3 a minute for the service , money that it shares with the hotel . Bamfo says the revenue split depends on the day and the time of month . ( Hotels are always trying to maximize RevPAR , or the revenue pulled in from each available room.)Bamfo also says that 75 percent of the people who ' ve tried the service so far have used it more than once . " We have a lot of recurrent customers who use it several times a week , and sometimes even more than once in the same day . " The ultimate idea , he says , is " to provide a bed , bath and shower at the right price point , no matter where you are in the world."For the company to truly scale , one might imagine that subscriptions would need to come into play . Imagine buying a package of , say , 10 hours to stay in hotels in San Francisco or New York to be used within a certain amount of time . Asked about them , Bamfo says there 's high demand for such a product , and that subscriptions are likely coming."We see a lot of ways to [ generate ] incremental revenue , " he says , including hotel subscriptions that include food , massages , even personal trainers . " There a lot of things we could be , and will be , doing."Pictured above , left to right , co - founders Will Johnson , Emmanuel ( " Manny " ) Bamfo and Chris Lo .
Ed tech -- the software , hardware , and integrated systems that are increasingly powering every level of education -- has sprung up quickly around the world . The industry is getting crowded enough that we were able to cover a top 12 list of the highest funded ed tech startups in New York alone . But any rapid growth is plagued with challenges . One of the biggest , second only to thinning educational budgets , is security . Here 's Larry Johnson , CEO of New Media Consortium , in a 2015 statement on the issue : " If we do n't solve the concerns that people have about big data and privacy of students , we 're going to miss a huge opportunity . " Has the security problem been resolved in the years since this statement ? A new survey does n't look great . Common Sense Education 's Privacy Evaluation Institute surveyed more than 1,000 ed tech vendors . The results : " Only 52 percent of the vendor websites require encryption of login and personal information . The rest of the sites surveyed either do n't require encryption ( 20 percent ) or are n't built to support it ( 25 percent ) " Like Fintech , ed tech requires large databases for its network of clients , making it a potential target for hackers . In order to stay safe , educators should reexamine their deals with ed tech providers to ensure their information is protected properly . When some ed tech vendors ca n't be trusted , the security is best enacted on the teachers ' side . " The big challenge is the education of adults , teachers and administrators , so that they 're aware of laws and best practices , " Craig Bates , coordinator of instructional technology at Talladega County ( Ala. ) Schools , told Ed Tech Magazine . " You can put policies in place , but there 's no software or other tool that can enforce them . Education is the best defense because that 's what can lead to everyone being diligent . " It appears that being educated on the best security practices already is now the best way to further educate your students .
Going public is a big deal for any company . It requires months of preparation , years of hard work , and decades of innovative thinking . And if you 're pay attention , it can be easy to spot these companies before they make the move . And while I do n't like to peddle in speculation , there are some signs at the Portland company that Vets First Choice could be preparing for an IPO . Vets First Choice is one of Maine 's most successful startups of the last dozen years . Within the last few months , the company began looking to bring onboard a new corporate counsel . Included in the job posting is this revealing sentence : " Public company experience in a growth stage company required . " Ben Shaw , cofounder and CEO of Vets First Choice Rather than beat around the bush , I interviewed Ben Shaw , the company 's cofounder and CEO , about the job search and whether the company is preparing to file an S-1 ( the paperwork a company must file with the SEC to signal its intention to sell shares to the public ) in 2017 . Shaw 's response was telling . " We have several open job postings which are fairly specific about job experience and we have publicly presented at major key investment conferences this year , " Shaw said . " However , neither is a guarantee of our plans , and we are maintaining optionality . " The company is making the rounds at major investment conferences and advertising for executives with public company experience , but is still leaving its options open . That 's fair . Not every company that explores the possibility of going public follows through on the process . After all , while going public can raise a lot of working capital for the company , being publicly traded , and the scrutiny that brings , also comes with a lot of headaches which is why you see more and more high - growth tech companies remaining private . " I think Vets First Choice is capable of and prepared to operate as a public company , " Shaw said . Ever since Tim Ludlow , Vets First Choice 's CFO , spoke at a PubHub last spring , I ' ve had my money on the company providing Maine with its next big liquidity event . Founded in 2010 , Vets First Choice provides online pharmacy services for veterinary practices , which allows your local vet to have its own fully - stocked online pharmacy to compete with major online pet drugstores like 1 - 800-PetMeds and Petcarerx.com . The most recent official revenue figure we gathered from last year 's Inc. 5,000 list , where the company ranked # 1,232 and reported revenue of $ 60.9 million in 2015 . Ludlow gave me some sense of how that number has grown . He suggested during last spring 's talk that its revenue had grown at the same rate as its employee count , which at the time had reached 300 companywide . After doing some math , it 's a safe guess that the company has surpassed $ 100 million in revenue . Reaching $ 100 million in revenue has traditionally been a milestone that signaled a private company 's readiness to go public . That revenue threshold is less important these days as high - growth startups have raised millions of dollars ( sometimes billions in the case of Uber ) from private sources . But for the sake of this article , let 's assume Vets First Choice checks that box . The company already has an executive with public - company experience : Ludlow himself . He was previously the assistant treasurer and vice president of corporate finance for Bristol - Myers Squibb ( NYSE : BMY ) . Vets First Choice , which has raised more than $ 60 million , has investors and advisors with vast experience taking companies public . These investors have board seats and have demonstrated their fondness for companies head down the IPO route . Finally , while not necessarily a sign that a company is preparing to go public as much as it is a sign of the company 's stability , its largest investor is a private equity firm . New York - based Clayton , Dubilier & Rice led a $ 52 million investment round in the company in 2015 . Private equity firms , as opposed to VC firms , usually invest in more mature , stable companies , which also happen to be the best candidates for entering the public markets . So , as Ben Shaw told me , Vets First Choice appears prepared to pursue an IPO . The question remains whether it wants to or not . Read more about the Maine startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of Maine Startups Insider , created by Whit Richardson , a journalist who 's covered Maine 's business community for the past decade . Visit Maine Startups Insider to read more about Maine 's startup community and subscribe to the weekly newsletter .
Everyone loves the environment they grew up in or spent their formative years in . For me , that 's my hometown of Seattle . We haven't had a week without rain since September , and I love it . But the U.S. city with the biggest , most outsized rep for ex - pat love is the Big Apple itself . And as of today , those pining for a taste of New York City finally have a chance to soak in a little of their favorite neighborhood . Workspace startup Breather is offering a web app that curates the sounds of New York City : The online app Sounds of New York holds mastered clips recorded in 27 neighborhoods , from Times Square to Chinatown . It 's an immersive example of the unique aspects of the city : Harlem has notes of jazz , while parts of Nolita were recorded at the Supreme store . Better yet , it 's an interesting look at the creative storytelling that a startup can lean on in order to call attention to their services . I spoke with Vanda Daftari , Head of Creative at Breather , to learn more about the ambient noise app : " This is our approach to content , " Vanda told me . " At Breather , we 're focusing on making things that people use and love , and we feel that our content should be no different . " SP What are Breather 's goals for the service ? " Breather is all about helping you find your focus as humanly as possible -- now through the medium of audio , " Vanda explained . " Sounds of New York provides an ambient noise soundtrack for you to play in the background while you 're working . We just happened to curate these particular background sounds from famous locations throughout NYC neighborhoods , to create a tribute to a city we love . " I love the booming podcast industry , and ambient noise is an interesting yet often overlooked aspect of the non - music audio world . Here 's hoping Breather keeps exploring new soundscapes in the future ! Read more about the podcast sector here at Tech . Co .
( BigStock Photo ) SP Xiao Wang is an immigrant success story . He came to the U.S. from Nanjing at three and went on to earn advanced degrees from Stanford and Harvard Business School before jumping into leadership roles in tech . For the past three years , he 's been a senior product manager on Amazon Go , the Seattle retailer 's ambitious new convenience store operation . Now Wang is working to ensure immigrants , like himself , have access to the same opportunities . This month , Wang left his role at Amazon to co - found and run Boundless , a spinout of Seattle - based startup studio Pioneer Square Labs . The startup is in stealth mode and Wang and Pioneer Square Labs are n't saying much , but its website pledges to " provide the tools , community , and personalized support applicants need to take charge of their immigration journey . " In today 's charged political climate where President Donald Trump has sparked fears with his immigration policy , Boundless sees an opening to create a successful business . The startup will initially focus on bringing dispersed immigrant families together in the U.S. , according to a Facebook post by Pioneer Square Labs co - founder Ben Gilbert . It aims to be a resource for immigrants trying to navigate America 's tumultuous political climate and those facing financial barriers to obtaining a visa or green card . The process can be laborious and families often have to shell out thousands of dollars for immigration attorneys . " We believe there is a better way , " writes Wang in an essay on Boundless 's website . " Technology can process and synthesize the vast amount of information better than the best human expert , faster , clearer , and at a much lower cost . With these tools , we can empower every current or future immigrant with the information , guidance , and support they need to confidently take control of their journey . " Pioneer Square Labs has a unique model for quickly testing and validating new startup ideas before bringing in an executive team to spin them out . The studio , co - founded by Greg Gottesman , Geoff Entress , Mike Galgon , and Gilbert , recently moved to a new building adjacent to the Impact HUB downtown . Before Boundless , PSL spun out sales tax reporting startup LumaTax , an advertisement monitoring company called Ad Lightning , and JetClosing , which digitally streamlines the real estate purchasing process . Boundless is the startup studio 's fourth spinout and the timing is no accident . The startup 's website addresses President Trump 's executive orders and his administration 's attitude toward immigration head on : Most executive orders are not self - executing . It is possible for a President to order some changes that take effect immediately , as we have seen . Most elements of an executive order , however , direct a federal agency to undertake new and time - consuming efforts -- issuing a new regulation , for example , or forming a commission to make new policy recommendations . Such actions typically take years to play out ... No President has the last word on immigration . Although our laws tend to give the executive branch wide discretion in carrying out immigration policy , Congress has the power to rewrite these laws . Judges will block or overturn those actions deemed outside the bounds of Congressional intent or the Constitution . State and local governments will make decisions about how they want to treat immigrant issues within their own borders . Boundless 's website includes resources , including information about President Trump 's executive order on immigration , which is currently stalled by federal court rulings . On Thursday , Trump announced he will not further appeal the executive order . Instead , he plans to issue a revised version next week . The uncertainty surrounding U.S. immigration policy is sending shockwaves of anxiety through the tech community , which relies on a diverse talent pool for a number of reasons . " This is a big and complex challenge , and we are excited to take it on , " Wang writes on Boundless 's website . " Twenty - eight years ago , my parents gave up everything so that I can have the opportunities I have today . And now , we have the privilege and obligation to help as many others as possible achieve their own dreams . "
Morocco - based seed fund Outlierz , has launched and aims to provide smart capital to African startups . The organisation looks at startups with an MVP or an executable prototype , who are in the pre - seed or seed stages . They should also have a ticket size between US$ 50 000 to US$ 200 000 . Startups also looking to raise seed or Series A round funding are also eligible . Outlierz will also provide startups training tools , such as advice and access to its network . " We started from a simple yet striking conclusion : too many startups fail at the pre - seed and seed stages because of a lack of appropriate resources . We intend to change that by providing smart capital to the continent 's most promising companies , " says founder and managing director of Outlierz , Kenza Lahlou , in a press release to Ventureburn . " The target outcome will be a stronger pool of high potential startups that are ready for subsequent investment and , in the end , lead to success stories that are uniquely African . " The fund is backed by Angel and VCs , such as the CEO of YCombinator , Michael Seibel , 500startups MENA partner , Hassan Haider , and tech entrepreneurs from Africa and Morocco . Those looking to apply can do so through the Outlierz website .
As a startup , it 's not always easy to identify when it 's time to make a change . Many companies go through multiple iterations before they can find market fit . When we last spoke to the team at Flipgrid in 2015 , they were in the growth stages of building out a consumer video messaging app , Vidku , carving out their niche in a world where Snapchat , Instagram , and Facebook were battling in a land war for users . Flipgrid , a social learning platform that enables teachers and students to interact using video , eventually decided to refocus their efforts . Though initially launched with a focus on education , Flipgrid attempted to expand their scope and adapt the platform for everyone to use . Having found some success and a sizable funding round , the team was split between two offerings , which also hampered growth . More recently , they made a conscious effort to solely focus on the education driven app . Having done so , Flipgrid not only had an explosive year of growth , their renewed product focus has allowed the company to expand their solution even further with a free offering . " In the past 12 months , we ' ve seen 400% or more in growth , are now on all continents . Since January , we 're up 900% . Every day there are about 10 thousand new students onboarded each day , and engagement is going up as well . From August 1 , 2016 until December 31 , every 19 seconds of every day a new student uploaded a video . The app saw 700,000 downloads across the iPad , iPhone and Android , " said Charlie Miller , Flipgrid cofounder and chief design officer . With an open - ended concept , the platform empowers teachers to find creative ways to interact with students , allowing everyone in a classroom to discuss specific topics . In fact , the team specifically prefers to keep the uses of the platform open as they feel teachers and students find the most creative uses for it . This also opens the platform up to a student 's parents , giving them insight into how their child interacts in the classroom . Now in more than 40,000 classrooms , Flipgrid is sparking conversations across the globe . Their newest solution , Flipgrid One , will allow teachers free access to a single - grid version of their platform . When asked why the team decided to initially deviate away from education , Flipgrid cofounder and CEO Jim Leslie said it came down to the users . " Students and teachers were using it a lot [ Flipgrid ] , as we were building we had a lot of non - education users , so we built out vidku . What was really interesting , as we were getting feedback from those users , is that the use cases were education based . We decided on going back to the roots of education , taking a lot of the social media features that were important to Vidku and apply the to flipgrid , " said Leslie . It was feedback from their users , teachers in particular , that also led to the development of their new free offering . " We had a call with top 30 or so long time users for feedback , " said Miller . " They asked , ' what do you do when a teacher has it ( premium ) and a classroom / teacher who does n't ? ' The other class ca n't benefit from it or the content . So now no matter what we do , our focus is on how we can empower student voice . Within a week we quickly agreed on a solution , and that 's where Flipgrid One came from . So far the feedback has been incredible . "
GV general partner Krishna Yeshwant GV Dr. Krishna Yeshwant has a lot on his plate . In addition to practicing internal medicine , Yeshwant is a general partner at GV ( formerly Google Ventures ) , where he leads the Life Sciences team . His team has invested in companies like 23andMe , Foundation Medicine , and Flatiron Health . And Yeshwant 's not the only one on his team that 's active in his field . Another team member works as a researcher at Harvard , another is a professor at Dartmouth , and one is also a physician . It was n't necessarily a conscious choice to hire in people who still had another job , but they soon realized that as life science investors , they could take advantage of the observations they made at their other gigs . " You need to be in the field to see how it 's evolving , " Yeshwant said . " In the investor role , you make an investment , then you do n't know what happens for five years , seven years , 10 years , and so you can often ' drink your own Kool - aid . ' " Because Yeshwant 's with patients frequently , he ca n't be all that removed . " In the end , it 's always a good reminder that this stuff has to get to a patient to be in any way meaningful , " he said . One example of a time when Yeshwant took his experience in the doctor 's office and applied it to an investment was Quartet Health , a New York - based behavioral health startup . Yeshwant had noticed that patients were coming in with physical health complaints , such as a rash or joint pain , but there often was n't enough time to address some of the mental conditions that could be playing a role in these physical problems . " We often do n't talk about the underlying depression , the anxiety , the issues that actually ultimately affect all those other conditions , " he said . GV spent years looking for companies that could tackle that before coming across Quartet . It 's also informed what he 's on the look - out for in future investments , including adherence , or making sure patients take their prescribed medication , and physician burnout .
SPARTAN is a French startup which creates radiation - blocking men 's branded underwear . The young Paris - based company just opened an additional office in New York and plans to hit the US market in January . Increasing dependency on wireless technology has led to daily radiation exposure from smartphones , laptops and gadgets . Several research projects came to the conclusion that radiation has a direct and adverse impact on men 's reproductive health . In fact , one recent study argued that men who carry their phone in their pocket or on their belt had lower sperm counts and more immobile sperm than men who did not . The SPARTAN underwear prevents radiation exposure with the incorporation of pure silver fibers that effectively protect man 's most valuable possessions . Additionally , the silver prevents bacteria from proliferating and , in doing so , eliminates odors that may build up throughout the day . SPARTAN CEO and co - founder Arthur Menard stated : " Our mission is to raise the standard of men 's underwear while also putting in mind health and fertility . SPARTAN is the first product that offers this type of protection and it is imperative for such high tech underwear to become the norm . " The French startup hasn't raised any VC funding yet . After a successful crowdfunding campaign in 2016 on Indiegogo , raising almost $ 20,000 in the US alone , SPARTAN began with the production . Launching in January , the boxer briefs will be selling for $ 47 a pair , with bundle packages at reduced pricing . SP
( BigStock Photo ) . SP ( Updated Jan. 18 to reflect the correct date the rule takes effect ) . The Department of Homeland Security has officially published a provision to make it easier for immigrant entrepreneurs to build startups in the U.S. The rule , proposed by President Barack Obama last summer , will take effect July 17 . The rule was proposed as a workaround for foreign entrepreneurs after Congress failed to pass meaningful immigration reform . There is n't a great avenue for business leaders from other countries to build companies in the U.S. because visas , like the H1B , only apply to skilled employees , not startup founders . GeekWire reported on the so - called " International Entrepreneur Rule " when it was first proposed in August , and followed up with reactions from immigrant business leaders and experts on the subject . The initial rule outlined a " parole " period that foreign entrepreneurs could apply for , granting two years in the U.S. to grow a startup . To qualify , the founder had to prove that the startup met certain requirements and demonstrated the potential for " significant public benefit . " After the initial parole period , the founder could apply to extend his or her stay in the U.S. for an additional three years , if the startup met additional benchmarks . Over the past five months , DHS has been collecting public feedback on the proposal to inform the final rule . That comment period led to a few key changes to the final rule , enacted today . Instead of a two - year period followed by a three - year period , the rule now says entrepreneurs can apply for an initial parole of 2.5 years , followed by an extended period of 2.5 additional years . The proposed rule said startups needed to have investments of at least $ 345,000 from qualified U.S. investors to apply for parole . DHS has reduced that minimum required investment to $ 250,000 . The official rule also gives entrepreneurs more time to land funding -- 18 months instead of one year . The final rule also reduces the ownership stake the founder needs to have to qualify . Instead of 15 percent , entrepreneurs need to own only 10 percent of the startup to qualify for the initial parole period . To re - apply for an additional 2.5 years , founders just need 5 percent ownership . In the proposed rule , a startup had to generate at least 10 jobs during the initial 2.5-year parole period to qualify for an extension . That number has been reduced to five jobs in the final rule . Generally speaking , the final rule loosens up on a number of benchmarks necessary to qualify for the parole , responding to criticism that the proposed requirements were too restrictive . It allows for startups to use " alternative criteria " to demonstrate they 'll benefit the U.S. economy . The final rule also has more relaxed requirements for qualified investments , qualified investors and startup entities . Explore the full International Entrepreneur Rule below . International Entrepreneur Parole by GeekWire on Scribd SP
Jason Kunesh is a cofounder and CEO of Public Good Software , a startup aiming to make donating to non - profits as easy as ordering something on Amazon . Before starting PGS , Jason was the Director of UX for Obama 's 2012 reelection campaign and part of the founding team at The Point , which later became Groupon . Jason is also a member of the adjunct faculty at the Starter School , owner of the best Fu Manchu in Chicago , a mentor at Impact Engine , and an advisor to the American Design and Master - Craft Initiative and UX for Good . In this episode , you 'll learn about how Jason got involved in the Obama campaign , what it is like demoing your product for the president , and what the team learned on the Obama campaign and then applied at Public Good . Plus , we 'll delve a bit deeper and cover why charities for animals outperform charities for the homeless , why non - profits are scared of innovation , how he got into tech , why you should be public about your failures , and why Chicago is the best place to start a non - profit focused company . Finally , we 'll go into what we need to to do to take Chicago tech to the next level , how startups are like bands , how to get a team to work together , and why you really have to understand your motivations as a founder . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON GOOGLE PLAY SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Entertainment , camera , moon - shot and military drones are all becomming more distinct as the drone industry gets commoditized . Prices are dropping even as impressive new features are added . It 's a difficult time for drone makers . UPDATED 1/13/2017 : SF District Attorney files false advertising suit against Lily Robotics . Details added below . UPDATED 1/17/2017 : CyPhy Works LVL 1 drone was successfully crowdfunded and then one year later refunded . Details added below . The commercial drones market consists of consumer products like toys , games and camera drones for photography and action selfies , and the professional market ( called the pro - sumer market ) which serves the construction , surveying , mapping , utilities , telecom , ag , public safety and insurance industries where the drone is matched with speciality software to provide package solutions unique to those industry groups . Many feel that a saturation point has been reached in the consumer marketplace and that after reaching that point it then becomes a race to the bottom in terms of price and profitability , hence the shift to the pro - sumer market by almost all drone makers . Parrot SA is a French wireless products manufacturer based in Paris , France . Parrot invented and manufactured the AR.Drone and initiated a drone division which now represents 1/3 of their business . Parrot just released its Q4 2016 report which showed a 15% drop in revenue . The company had revenues of EUR85 million but targeted EUR100 million . Revenue from drones was EUR60 million , with EUR11 million coming from commercial , and EUR49 million from consumer drones . As a result , Parrot announced plans to reduce its drone workforce by 35% , laying off around 290 people . Parrot plans to focus on a reduced number of consumer products , redeploy product offerings , realign resources and adjust its support teams . Conversely , Parrot will continue to invest in its commercial drone business which has been doing well and is steadily growing . 3D Robotics and their Solo quadcopter were media hits until their product stumbled and their ambitious inventories did n't move . Like Parrot , 3DR laid off hundreds last year , had to shut down facilities , and has since been scrambling to keep afloat by refocusing on commercial operations in the pro - sumer marketplace . SP Lily , a Silicon Valley startup with a stylish camera drone and presentation , announced that although it had $ 34 million in pre - sales , it could n't get additional funds to meet production demands and was closing down . What remains of the company is focused on handling refunds . " After so much hard work , we are sad to see this adventure come to an end , " founders Balaresque and Bradlow wrote on the Lily website . " We are very sorry and disappointed that we will not be able to deliver your flying camera , and are incredibly grateful for your support as a pre - order customer . " In a late development which portends difficulty for other over - exuberant marketing types , the San Francisco district attorney 's office filed suit against Lily Robotics over claims that the drone maker engaged in false advertising and unfair business practices . Lily said it would begin shipping drones to customers who had placed orders by February 2016 , but failed to live up to that promise . The office alleged that Lily lured customers with a promotional video that was actually filmed by a " much more expensive , professional camera drone that required two people to operate . " SP " It does not matter if a company is established or if it is a startup , " District Attorney George Gascon said in a statement announcing the lawsuit . " Everyone in the market must follow the rules . By protecting consumers , we protect confidence in our system of commerce . " In May , 2015 , CyPhy Works successfully crowdfunded $ 882,000 for their LVL 1 drone , a 6-bladed self - leveling device which was to sell at $ 495 and begin deliveries in February , 2016 . In April , 2016 they cancelled the project and refunded all the Kickstarter funding claiming that delays in a key processor chip would n't be available until mid-2017 consequently they did n't want to delay the project until then and would instead refund all Kickstarter funders and pre - orders . SP Alphabet ( Google ) has closed down the Titan Project to fly high - altitude drones that would beam wireless Internet access back down to the earth . More than 50 project members were let go - some have moved to other Google X projects . Titan Aerospace was acquired by Google in 2014 and was reformed into the Titan Project which competed with another Google X project , Project Loon , which also has problems . Loon is temporarily mired in an IP infringement suit with Space Data . Although GoPro had a big presence at CES , their Karma drone was n't there and the sales people said that they hope it will be re - released in a few months . Karma was high - profile , long - anticipated , and late . The Karma was supposed to be the company 's hope to pull up diminishing revenues . Karma had mid - flight power failures and GoPro recalled all the devices shipped and offered refunds . GoPro cut its staff by about 200 people in November . Karma 's relaunch , if it happens , will need to compensate for product and price improvements offered by DJI that outperform and underprice the Karma in all but camera lenses . DJI is the elephant in the room . Their products have outperformed , outpriced and been faster to market than all their competitors . Their marketing has emphasized integration with pro - sumer software , GoPro cameras and mounts , and other accessories . They keep on inventing and they are headquartered in Shenzhen where all their suppliers reside , hence their ability to be quick to market . " What we realized is that it 's inherently much more difficult for a Silicon Valley - based , software - focused company to compete against a vertically integrated powerhouse manufacturing company in China , " said Colin Guinn , 3D Robotics ' former chief revenue officer . Founded in 2006 as a company that built flight controllers for remote control toy helicopters , DJI unveiled the Phantom in 2012 , an off - the - shelf drone that became the standard for consumer drones . DJI seems to have a rhythm to their products : launch , then 6 - 10 months later lower prices , then launch a newer upgraded product at a price point halfway between the previous product and the discounted price , then repeat the process . SP Even DJI has recently begun to feel the heat from fellow Chinese drone makers Xiaomi and Yuneec both of which undercut DJI with similar products at lower prices . Hence DJI 's stressing their collaboration with and integration of software and accessory vendors focusing on the pro - sumer marketplace . In the defense sector the Predator , Reaper , and Global Hawk drones that have done their work in two wars have become popularized by movies that exposed their expense , their vulnerabilities , and their Las Vegas - based human pilots and sensor operators controlling them remotely . Now DARPA and the DoD are introducing new robot war machines . Their latest is drone swarms , where several small flying robots work together to do jobs previously done by the larger craft . An anti - air missile can shoot down an $ 18 million Reaper , but firing that same anti - air missile at a swarm of drones would n't work . With every Predator , there 's a joystick and flight controls for a human pilot who maneuvers it . That format changes entirely with a group of autonomous swarming drones . " They are a collective organism , sharing one distributed brain for decision - making and adapting to each other like swarms in nature , " according to Strategic Capabilities Office Director William Roper . Unlike the Predator , where the machine responds to the pilot 's joystick , this swarm receives objectives from a human controller , and then directs itself to that location . Presumably , the swarm could still fly to a preset list of objectives even if it loses contact with a human controller , giving it the freedom to operate in the face of jamming as well as anti - air weapons . [ Recently an Australian startup , DroneShield Detection , has developed a set of sensors and a StarWars - looking gun that can detect and shoot a swarm out of the sky . ] Drones to protect and defend are a necessary part of government 's province and a steady source of research , invention , and income for the military industrial complex . In the next four years , at least in the U.S. , the defense / security segment of the drone industry is expecting significant growth . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
Global cannabis software and point of sales solutions company Guardian Data Software ( GDS ) has announced a partnership with Australian medical cannabis accelerator BuddingTech that will see the organisation act as an analytical engine and business consultancy for GDS clients , while working towards new research initiatives . BuddingTech , a Sydney - based organisation which emerged in 2015 , identifies startups working with cannabis technology and research , and looks to support them towards commercialising their ideas for the Asia Pacific medical cannabis market . Besides the accelerator , BuddingTech also offers consultation services , and holds a medical cannabis resource database filled with surveys and analytical white paper reports . Under the new agreement , which was penned at Israeli cannabis innovation conference , CannaTech Israel , GDS clients will be able to leverage the startup 's analytical research and consultancy services , allowing the company to expand its service offerings . The companies will also work together to launch new educational and research programs regarding botanical and medical cannabis , as well as look into identifying new areas where they can acquire industry data to empower their ability to serve cannabis businesses , in addition to the financial and government sectors . Guardian Data Software 's CEO , Lance Ott , described the partnership as a " win - win " for both companies , saying BuddingTech will also benefit from leveraging GDS ' wide framework of data to improve the accuracy and detail of its analytics and reports . " With medical cannabis sales projected to grow from $ 4.7 billion in 2016 to $ 13.3 billion in 2020 , we believe BuddingTech has a great deal to offer our customers who are hungry for data and additional business support , " he said . Ott added that GDS looked to BuddingTech as a " logical " partner as both companies have achieved an international market presence , each growing within Europe , Israel and other regions outside of the US . As for Australia , BuddingTech CEO Adam Miller said the country is " uniquely positioned " to become a leader in botanical and medical cannabis research . " Within less than two years , the Australian government has developed a federal framework to support the domestic cultivation and manufacturing of medical cannabis . Australia is now uniquely positioned to become a leader in the field of botanical and medical research ; data will play a vital role to support the developing industry , " he said . Since October last year , the use of medical cannabis for patients with chronic or painful illnesses became legal under the Narcotic Drugs Amendment Act , with the drug being supplied through both a Victorian cultivation site and import into Australia on a case - by - case basis . While local cultivation looks to increase to meet medical demand , a new scheme recently approved by the Federal Government aims to improve accessibility by fast tracking importation from overseas sources . While the government works on a temporary accessibility solution , the startup sector has looked towards navigating the regulatory , technological and logistical frameworks surrounding medical cannabis . Last year saw the University of Sydney host Australia 's first ever pitch event for innovative medical cannabis technology , dubbed ' Seedlings ' , to support startups working with medical cannabis tech . The event , moderated by BuddingTech , looked at identifying startups addressing issues in the area of education , patient interaction , and clinical research .
Unicorns are rare . Whether it 's in the business realm or in J.K. Rowling 's Wizarding World , these magical creatures have unique properties that make them the most valuable entities in their respective universes . And while I would love to delve into the Harry Potter books right now , these unicorn companies are far too impressive to ignore . Unicorn companies are businesses that have earned a $ 1 billion valuation . For those of you scoffing at this incredible achievement , remember : it 's " billion " with a " B. " Whether it 's a social media company that has revolutionized the way we interact with people or a transportation startup that has forever changed the way we get around , being a unicorn company is a dream that every startup founder has had at one point or another . This list of unicorn companies , put together by Sage UK , lists every unicorn startup in the world . With a number of notable international companies , the list of US unicorns is a who 's - who of tech giants innovating in every space from online gaming to space travel . If you ' ve been wondering how much the companies you ' ve come to love are worth , check out the list below and stare in awe of these stunning unicorns : SP Photo : Flickr / yosuke muroya SP
A promotional Jinn graphic . Facebook / Jinn On demand delivery startup Jinn has raised $ 10 million ( PS7.8 million ) in venture funding , bringing total investment in the company up to $ 20 million ( PS15.5 million ) , TechCrunch reports . Jinn , which operates an app that allows people to get things delivered from restaurants like McDonald 's and shops , reportedly received the money from STE Capital , Samaipata Ventures , and other previous investors . The London - based company intends to use the funding to grow in its existing markets as opposed to expanding to new ones , according to TechCrunch . Jinn made headlines in January when dozens of its couriers went on strike over changes to their pay . Leon Herrera , Jinn 's cofounder and chief operating officer ( COO ) , was heckled and told he was a " thief " when he confronted the protestors on the street . " You 're treating us like slaves , " one of the protesters shouted at Herrera .
Tasktop , a Vancouver B.C .- based startup that helps companies speed up their software development process , today announced a $ 11.3 million investment round led by AVX Partners , with participation from existing investors Austin Ventures and Yaletown Partners . Founded in 2007 , Tasktop 's platform lets companies connect different software tools together -- including previously disconnected activities -- and unify their Agile and DevOps deployments . The startup counts 43 of the Fortune 100 companies as customers , and partners with HPE , IBM , and others . It grew revenue by 75 percent year - over - year in 2016 .
Between manipulated voting numbers , shady Russian intervention and rumours of bribery , last year 's US Presidential election highlighted the fundamental need for transparency within a democracy . Regardless of where someone stands when discussing the new President , one can surely agree that the entire election process has triggered the global public to rethink the importance of honesty and communication within not only governments , but large corporates and organisations too . OurSay is a Melbourne - based startup working to facilitate transparency and communication between organisations and civilians using an online platform . SP Acting as a middleman , the startup allows clients to form discussion forums and targeted surveys which are then shared with a selected audience . Using a management dashboard , a client is then able to visualise the numerical and written data received to help inform their decisions . SP Describing it as a " self - serve " platform for democracy and public engagement , OurSay cofounders Eyal Halamish and Matt Gordon said , " The platform is supported by a team of activists , ex - public servants and technologists to help customers become more transparent , faithful and comprehensive in the way they engage communities . " The business emerged in 2010 after the founders tested the concept of an unbiased discussion and analytical platform with media at local , state and federal levels , as well as an unnamed Prime Minister . SP As to where the idea for OurSay came from , Gordon andHalamish attributed it to a decline in government trust over the last ten years . " According to the Edelman Trust Barometer , a global , annual piece of research looking into trust across a number of sectors each year , trust in public institutions is at an all time low . In particular , people feel governments have stopped listening and valuing community feedback , " said Halamish . Halamish added that it 's often difficult for governments to hear from people beyond the " usual suspects " , while the public often prefers to engage with governments using an independent moderator . SP " This is apparent in both offline and online contexts . Having an independent moderator like OurSay builds civilian trust in the public engagement process , " he said . Through the platform , users are able to create a forum discussion post in addition to surveys which are based on a particular topic they want to gain insight on . SP The founders said that although governments are a focus , OurSay also sources customers from banking , finance , education , health and non - government organisations . " Most of our customers are community engagement experts , communications staff or policy wonks in Local and State Government who need to consult with the public , " explained Halamish and Gordon . SP With a substantial variety of industries on board , the cofounders added that customers are looking for insights on everything from strenuous planning decisions through to local potholes that need mending . " Recently we helped the Victorian state government allocate $ 10 M in drought - relief funding to communities in the North Western region , " said Halamish and Gordon . " This project raised many local needs from extra support for school aged children to providing better mental health first aid for farmers . " When a user creates a forum post , they 're able to get a link to share with the public using either email , social media or website embedment . When a discussion begins , OurSay moderates the forum to help ensure fairness , respect and " higher credibility " to the client . When survey and forum responses are received , the platform churns the data and visualises it on an online dashboard . SP Aside from the expected ' total number ' data counters , OurSay presents a shelf of other useful information too , including the location of each respondent on a map interface . Data is visualised on the platform in graphs , and can be exported to an Excel document to keep locally or stored on the cloud for future use . SP The cofounders explained that with both numerical and written data , the organisation is able to gain a comprehensive insight of the audience or community they serve - clients can then use this insight to make informed and logical decisions that reflect the data . SP At the end of an engagement process , respondents are able to receive email updating them on how their contribution has been used by the client organisation . " Members of the public wishing to make a contribution provide some basic demographics and an email address , so we can keep them in the loop with how their feedback has made a difference , " said Halamish and Gordon . SP The business did n't specify the exact cost of using the platform , explaining that OurSay is opting for a cheaper and lighter touch model that is trending in the software as a service market . SP With a pre - seed round completed for the business last year from both institutional and angel investor contributions , Halamish said the startup is now looking to conduct a seed round in the near future . Moving forward , the cofounders said the business will continue to build out its features so OurSay can capture the " imagination " of the market .
Startup accelerator m . Labs has announced a partnership with major tech hubs that support SMEs within the digital and ICT sectors across East Africa . The partnership is in preparation for the Traction Camp Programme , a six - month regional acceleration programme which aims to provide startups with sufficient skills and knowledge to scale their business . Traction Camp will aim to provide startups with the ability to be global competitors , as well as to become growth - orientated business within the mobile and digital markets . The programme , supported by the World Bank Group 's Infodev initiative , will collate the best entrepreneurs and startups across East Africa to attend the Traction Camp Programme . It is with this purpose that m . Labs has joined with Outbox situated in Uganda ; Buni in Tanzania ; kLab in Rwanda and Iceaddis in Ethiopia . The hubs will use their networks and influence to connect with entrepreneurs , essentially increasing the impact of the Traction Camp Programme . Not only will they identify eligible startups , they will also support selected entrepreneurs throughout the programme . Traction Camp will entail a two - week mentoring and coaching session as well as a week - long residential programme . Thereafter , the selected startups will be monitored for six months . " We will conduct a series of information outreach workshops across the region for growth - oriented , digital entrepreneurs in partnership with the tech hubs . The main purpose of these workshops is to inform on requirements of the program , introduce the curriculum of the programme and some of the key activities , " wrote m . Labs in a press release . The programme has and will take place on the following dates : Applications for the programme are still currently open and will close on 12 February 2017 . Featured image : Elvert Barnes via Flickr
Vaynerchuk at the Big Omaha 2010 conference . Silicon Prairie Nes / bit.ly Gary Vaynerchuk is a best - selling author , entrepreneur , startup investor , and media personality . The self - proclaimed ' brash Jersey boy ' and diehard Jets fan has been hustling since he was 14 . His hustle mentality helped his family 's wine business grow from a few million dollars in annual revenue to upwards of $ 60 million . It also landed him a dinner with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , who invited him to invest before its 2008 IPO . Vaynerchuk has amassed a huge following on social media , with more than 1.4 million Twitter followers , 1.7 million Instagram followers , and 2 million Facebook fans . He 's turning his knack for marketing into a media empire , VaynerMedia , which he says will generate more than $ 125 million in revenue this year . We spoke with Vaynerchuk about how he got started and how he 's building his Vayner empire , in an episode of " Success ! How I Did It , " a Business Insider podcast that explores the career paths of today 's most accomplished people . In the podcast , we cover : Listen to the podcast or read the transcript below : Subscribe to " Success ! How I Did It " on Acast or iTunes . Check out previous episodes with : The following transcript has been edited for clarity and length . Alyson Shontell : Gary Vaynerchuk is with us today . He 's a social - media guru and a marketing master . He 's actually one of the first - ever YouTube stars . He turned a wine company that his family started into a business that was making tens of millions of dollars a year . He 's a best - selling author who runs VaynerMedia , which reportedly does more than $ 100 million in annual revenue . I want to go back to your childhood . A lot of people might think you were born into success , but your beginnings were pretty humble . Gary Vaynerchuk : You know , it 's funny , I actually think my kids are going to have a harder time being successful than I was . I think being born in Belarus , coming here with nothing , my parents working every minute -- that instilled a huge competitive advantage , a chip on my shoulder , a work ethic . Immigrants win a lot and they win a lot because of a couple core things . I did n't start with a lot . I have friends who started with a lot who have now built on top of it , and I ' m impressed because I used to think that was a disadvantage . I think there are a million ways to do it . I like my dad 's narrative the best . He was 22 when he came to America , had nothing , so that 's a really amazing story . I 'll take mine . Baseball cards , lemonade . Shontell : You were doing all those things that kids try to do when they 're entrepreneurial - minded . You had a series of lemonade stands , right ? A franchise almost . Vaynerchuk : I did n't know it was a franchise when I was 6 . I ' ve always had a knack for branding , so even with the lemonade stands , it was " Gary 's Lemonade Stand . " I worked on the signs all day , more so than on the lemonade itself . Then I learned you had to make good lemonade to build an actual business , so that taught me about lifetime value and quality . I learned a lot as a kid . I was a very poor student , which was really unusual for immigrants , but I did n't see education as my way out . It originally started as , I ' m a good salesman , and then it was , I ' m a good businessman , and then it was , I ' m a good operator . Now the current term is I ' m a good entrepreneur . It 's a DNA thing with me . Shontell : Like you said , your dad came here when he was 22 and he built up a wine - and - liquor shop . From what I read , you all shared a studio in Queens . There were eight of you in a studio . Packed house . Silicon Prairie News / Flickr Vaynerchuk : Packed house . My dad first was a stock boy and then was a manager . An amazing piece of advice for a lot of kids , 50-year - olds , whoever is listening right now : Saving money is a good strategy . I did n't have stuff , but it was because my parents were saving . They were saving . We did n't get toys . They told us to go outside and paint a rock . It was very , very smart because after seven or eight years , he was able to buy a liquor store of his own in Springfield , New Jersey -- Shoppers Discount Liquors . He built up a great business . A $ 3 million- to $ 4 million - a - year business . He made it , right ? Literally made it . Middle class , upper - middle class , and made it . We did n't ever need anything . They did n't spend a lot . They 're big savers but we made it and then I got dragged into it at 14 . I ' m the oldest son ; I ' m one of three . Shontell : At 14 can you even be in a liquor store ? Vaynerchuk : Yeah , because nobody was really checking . At 16 you can get a permit but I was in there at 14 . That 's probably why they put me in the basement bagging ice and stocking shelves . Somewhere around 16 or 17 , I realized people collected wine , and that caught my attention because I was deep into baseball cards and comic books . I really enjoyed learning the wine world and really became fascinated by it . That all manifested a couple years later to me launching , in 1996 , a site called WineLibrary.com . We rebranded the store to Wine Library and that started my first chapter . We grew the business from $ 3 million to $ 4 million a year initially , to $ 45 million then $ 60 million a year in a very short period of time . Having a website 21 years ago for a single - store wine shop , liquor shop , in New Jersey was like having a VR studio in a flower shop right now Iowa . Shontell : How did you know to do that ? Vaynerchuk : I went on the internet in ' 94 and in four seconds landed on a AOL bulletin board where people sold baseball cards , and I just knew . The same way that I knew that Twitter would be big and that 's why I invested . Or Tumblr or Facebook or Uber . I ' ve done Snapchat . I ' ve done really well on one core principle which is , I think I have an intuitive ability to understand consumer behavior more than the average bear , and I ' m not scared to bet the farm on that gut feeling . Even online dating . I met my wife on JDate in 2003 . I just remember thinking in 10 years , every single person -- I did n't think they 'd be swiping to the right -- but I ' m like every person 's going to do this because this is practical . People are romantic . People are like , " I 'll never buy a tomato on the internet . " This is what I heard in 1996 . I ' m like , " Yeah you will . Because time is valuable , because other things matter more . " I knew because I thought people would buy stuff on the internet long before a lot of people thought that . Shontell : That 's still 10 years before you really became known for your YouTube videos . Vaynerchuk : Yes , that 's right . Gary Vaynerchuk 's father , Sasha , with Gary in a storage room for rare wines at their liquor store , Wine Library , in Springfield , New Jersey , 2003 . AP Photo / Mike Derer Shontell : That 's where I think a lot people assume that your career started but you were working behind the scenes for 10 years building up this internet business . Vaynerchuk : The thing I ' m most proud of is that when people try to take a razz at me as a self - promoter -- and I ' m very empathetic to that , because I do so much around my personal brand -- but if they even spend four seconds digging , they 'll realize I did n't say a word until I was in my mid-30s and had already built an enormously large business . Not by tech standards , but I had no cash infusion . A 10% gross - profit liquor store in the mid-90s -- to grow to that scale was very hard . VaynerMedia 's been fun for me . I would tell you secretly , and I haven't said this a lot -- I ' m trying to give you a nugget for your podcast . I needed to build VaynerMedia up for myself because I was starting to become Gary V , to your point . The wine videos put me on the map . I wrote a book in 2009 called " Crush It , " which gets me into the " You 're a motivational speaker " or " You 're a pundit . " It started becoming about my personality and me on Twitter , more than my business accomplishments , so I needed Vayner . I need to build an agency against the biggest firms on Madison Avenue , and I needed this big success even to just remind myself that I ' m an entrepreneur , an operator , an actual businessman first . I ' m not what I think there 's a lot of right now , which is a lot of people running around and saying they 're an entrepreneur on Instagram . I ' m proud of that . I look at something that is upsetting to me . When I see Yik Yak sell for $ 4 million , I feel bad for the guys . Shontell : It used to be worth $ 400 million . Vaynerchuk : Correct . But I do n't feel bad , because that 's entrepreneurship . That 's business . I think a lot of people are getting confused right now about what success actually looks like . Only a very few will break through and actually sell their business , actually go public , actually make it . Amy Harris / Invision / AP Shontell : What did you do in your 20s to set you up for success to really strike in your 30s ? Vaynerchuk : I worked my face off and I learned my craft . Shontell : How many hours ? Vaynerchuk : All of them . Shontell : 24 ? No sleep ? Vaynerchuk : I slept . I 'll give you a good example . There are not a lot of 20-year - olds who can say they worked every single Saturday of their entire 20s . Period . I did . I worked 50 to 52 Saturdays a year , from 22 to 29 , until I met my wife and started having to build some level of work - life balance . That 's hard work . Shontell : What did you do on those Saturdays ? Vaynerchuk : I got to Wine Library at 7:30 in the morning and I left at 7 , 8 , or 9 . I just worked . I just built a management staff , I tasted wine , I built up the website . Learned how to do Google AdWords . I just worked . When I tell you worked , I am and was a workaholic and I did n't say a word . I did n't do podcasts . There was n't social media , but there was . I did n't start a MySpace page to say look at me , look what I ' m doing . I had the outlets . I built my craft . I ran a business . I was a merchant and I was training up my people and training someone to be able to replace me if I got hit by a bus . I was watching trends and that 's what led me to YouTube . I was like this is going to be big , but wait a minute . I ca n't buy ads on this like I can on AdRoll or on Google . What do I do with this ? Should I get a camera and just talk about wine ? That sounds like not a bad idea . Content 's important . I did n't even call it content , right ? This world did n't exist that we all live in now . I thought about Emeril Lagasse when I did it . I thought about that . I started reviewing wine . That did take off , as you mentioned . Shontell : Was it quickly that you got a following ? Vaynerchuk : No . I started on February 20 , 2006 . In July of 2007 , a year and a half later , the break happened . It was still quite small , but I got invited to be on the Conan O'Brien show . Everybody , and I mean everybody , wrote about me being on Conan because it was like , " A YouTube person on Conan ? " Then the clip was awesome . I got him to eat dirt and grass . It went viral on YouTube and that took me from being a top 500 followed person on Twitter to a top 50 person followed on Twitter . Then , Kevin Rose asked me to be on Digg Nation . I was on the " Today " show and Ellen and then it started rolling . Shontell : Wow . What was it that Conan saw in you that made him invite you on his show ? A wine guy , a YouTuber . Vaynerchuk : He had no idea who I was . A producer of that show 's cousin was watching me , thought I was funny . They have these pitch meetings where they 're like , " What should we do ? Well , there 's this weird guy on the internet who 's like talking about wine in a very different way . " They called me . I had always thought what would happen if that happened so I had the idea of -- Shontell : You thought about what would happen if Conan called you ? Vaynerchuk : Yeah , of course . I already think about what I ' m going to be doing on Alexa voice and what am I going to be doing on VR and how am I going to use message bots and what 's going to happen when my kids are 18 and when I buy the Jets -- who 's going to be my GM ? Shontell : Is it going to be [ Group Nine CEO ] Ben Lerer ? Vaynerchuk : It 's definitely not going to be Ben Lerer . I ' m not even going to let him in the stadium . By the way , I referenced Ben earlier . Ben 's dad was very successful , and to watch how hard Ben has built Thrillist and the Group Nine Network . It 's just very inspiring and makes me hope that my children will have that fire . It 's not like he 's a trillionaire but he had stuff . Way more than I did . Shontell : Kenny Lerer , his dad , was the cofounder of The Huffington Post . [ Lerer also sat on Business Insider 's board . ] Vaynerchuk : Right . Ben matters to me a lot . Ironic that you brought him up because he shows me very closely , because he 's a friend of mine -- hey , you can have stuff but still be on fire and do it . That 's been fun for me . Anyway . Then YouTube sells . Shontell : To Google for about $ 1 billion , and it was a massive deal at the time . Vaynerchuk : Oh my God . It was $ 1.7 billion and , just for everybody at home , if Musically sells tomorrow to Viacom for $ 250 billion , that 's what it felt like ... I said , Holy crap . I was right about e - commerce , I was right about Google AdWords , I was right about email , I was right about retargeting banner ads . I ' m right about blogging . Now , I ' m right about YouTube . I ' ve got something better than , " I can sell wine . " The next time I feel it , I ' m going to invest . And that happened a couple of months later , at South by Southwest . Mark Zuckerberg . Getty / Justin Sullivan Shontell : That 's when you became a startup investor ? What was your first investment ? Vaynerchuk : Twitter . Shontell : You go from investing in nothing to Twitter . That 's a pretty good track record . Vaynerchuk : It gets better . The next thing I invested in was Tumblr and Facebook . Shontell : How did you find Facebook early ? In what year ? Vaynerchuk : It was 2008 . I had made a video , one of my first business videos that was titled " Facebook should be worried about Twitter . " It was like , " Why am I starting to use Twitter more ? " It was n't this big grand statement . It was one person 's point of view . That goes viral inside of Facebook . [ Startup investor and founder ] Dave Morin sends me an email -- he was the head of platform at the time . He goes , " Hey , a lot of people are debating this video . Would you ever come out to Palo Alto and give a talk about it ? " I ' m like , " I ' m going to Palo Alto next week " -- which I was n't . I gave a talk about consumer behavior . I did n't even know but Mark was in the audience . He came down . He was like , " You want to have dinner tonight ? " I ' m like , " Yep . " I had a flight that night . I clearly canceled that . We hit it off and in 2008 , a lot of times when he came into New York , he would hit me up and we got to know each other . Somewhere in that year , Mark and [ his sister ] Randi emailed me and they 're like , " Our parents are selling a bunch of Facebook stock . Do you want to buy in ? " I said " Yep . " That was life - changing . Shontell : What is dinner like with Zuckerberg ? Vaynerchuk : This was 2008 , 2009 . I ' m built on emotional intelligence . I ' m not the smartest . I just know what people are going to do . He 's a tech kid and an engineer and a Harvard kid . I go in thinking he 's that . I leave that dinner and I ' m like , " F--- , this kid absolutely gets human behaviors . " That 's when I knew that he was going to win , because I ' m like , " Wow , he 's got both . " He knows how to build it . I ca n't build stuff . I ' m not an engineer . That 's not what I ' m in to , but I ' m like , " He understands what I understand . " That was it . I was just bought into him from day one . He 's super smart . We 're a funny match in the 10 or 15 times we ' ve interacted because I only want to talk and he only wants to listen . That 's why he 'll probably end up with a hell of a lot more money and be successful , but he 's extremely bright . I like him a lot . I think he 's kind , but most of all he just understands people . That 's weird because people look at him as introverted and quirky and all that but I do n't see it and I never saw it . Obviously , he 's more media trained and grown into himself . I ca n't speak to how he rolls now because I haven't spent time with him but I can definitely tell you there was no confusion from those initial meetings for me , and I mean none . Shontell : Fast forward . You then invested in Snapchat down the road , right ? Vaynerchuk : Affirmative . Shontell : How did you find Snapchat ? It 's one thing to find and spot something but another for a founder to let you in . Vaynerchuk : I should have invested earlier . I was way on it before I actually invested , but I do n't like reaching out . I never reach . I have not spent a day with [ CEO ] Evan Spiegel . I ' ve spent a ton of time with Emily White , who was originally his right hand and then with [ COO ] Imran Khan . I was bringing a lot of value , and they were like , " Hey , would you like to invest ? " I said yes . Ryan Harwood , CEO of The Gallery and PureWow , and Vaynerchuk . Gary Vaynerchuk Shontell : Let 's talk about creating VaynerMedia . It 's a huge thing that you 're in now , and you and your brother did this in 2009 . Does it really generate over $ 100 million in annual revenue ? Vaynerchuk : We 'll do over $ 125 million this year . Shontell : Where does that all come from ? Vaynerchuk : That comes from clients like Chase and Budweiser and GE and Toyota and Quaker Oats and Amazon Prime in the UK paying us for either spending their media and given us a commission , making video productions to distribute on the social and digital web or managing their social and digital properties and producing non - video content or consulting for them on their strategies . Shontell : You 're a social - media agency of sorts ? Vaynerchuk : We 're a modern - day ad agency . The only difference is we do everything and most do n't because I ' m building it for myself . I do n't want to sell it to a holding company . We ' ve started working with small businesses . I come from that world . Small business , it costs $ 25,000 a month , so you have to be doing millions in revenue , but we 're just building a client service business . It 's nothing sexy . It 's not like I invented anything . The only difference is I ' m really good at marketing . Shontell : Sum up what VaynerMedia is because there are a ton of moving parts . And then how did you start it ? Vaynerchuk : In 2009 , ESPN sent me an email and said , " Can you come to our office and talk to us about Twitter ? Why do you , Gary V , have more followers than all of the Disney properties combined ? " Shontell : How many followers do you have these days ? Vaynerchuk : These days I have 1.4 million on Twitter , 1.7 million on Instagram , 2 million on Facebook . At the time I had about 700,000 . The email was sitting in my inbox because I was busy . By the time I came back to it that night , they had already emailed a second time . They 're like we 'll pay you $ 5,000 . It was really cool and I was really excited . We had this conversation and I get out of the office and my brother calls me . My brother is now a senior at Boston University . It 's February and he 's graduating in May. We 're under the gun because we ' ve promised ourselves we 're going to start a business together . We 're thinking fantasy sports , because we think it 's going to be big . We 're trying to figure it out and I call him and I go , " You know how I talk about maybe one day buying businesses ? Instead of doing that cold , maybe we should start a consulting firm , " is what I said . Learn about corporate America , make some money , and then decide what to do . That 's what we decided to do . I got another email from Gillette , the razor company , to do some sort of idea session . We just started . We did n't know what we were doing . We hired four or five of AJ 's friends from college and high school and we literally started reaching out to people . I started using my network . The first two years , what happened , a couple months later , " Crush It , " came out and that 's when Gary V. was born . Shontell : That 's your first book ? Vaynerchuk : That 's my first book . It went really viral . Shontell : You did a 10-book deal , right ? Vaynerchuk : I did . What was not reported in there was if my first book sold enough copies to pay for the entire 10-book advance , I would become a free agent , which is what happened . I wrote that book . It went very viral and then I started getting offered $ 25,000 to give a speech and that was so hard to say no to at the time in my life . Shontell : Why did you say no ? Vaynerchuk : I did n't , which means I was n't involved in Vayner that much the first two years . I got us the clients , I would check in , but it was really AJ and our band of 20 young characters in the beginning and the first two years show that . I think we were doing $ 2 million in revenue . In August 2011 , I decided to take over full time because I was stunned that two years later , nobody was doing what I wanted to do two years earlier and I realized that corporate America 's slow . I attacked . I saw and opening and I attacked . I got serious . From August 2011 , which really means 2012 because I was cleaning up and hiring ... In the last five years , we ' ve gone from 25 to 750 employees . From $ 3 million to $ 125 million in revenue , and now we 're a real player as an agency . A.J. and Gary Vaynerchuk . Jeff Haynes / AP Images for Panini Shontell : When you 're building a brand , what are the most important things that you need to know ? Vaynerchuk : First of all , you have to know who you are , what you are , and what you stand for . That 's cliched marketing - bullshit jargon , but it does matter . It helps . You have to know who you 're targeting . I think too many people fight the market . There are certain people who are never going to want your stuff no matter what you do . There are certain people are never going to love me because I curse and I have bravado and I ' m a Jersey boy and I ' m brash and they wo n't take the time to see the humility and the patience and the truth . They should n't . Who am I to actually make them have to take that time ? Brands have to be honest with themselves and know who 's going to buy their stuff and who 's not . Most importantly , they need to market in the year they actually live in . We have brands spending ungodly amounts of money on print , television , outdoor radio , programmatic banner ads , website takeovers . Garbage . When I say garbage , they work - ish . They 're just so overpriced . I do n't know what else to say . I do not believe that it is worth the hundreds of thousands of dollars in distribution and hundreds of thousands of dollars in cost to make one 30-second video to tell a 29-year - old woman that your soap is great , in a world where she is not going to consume that commercial . I do not think it 's great to spend millions of dollars on banner ads across the desktop internet on the right side below the fold of tons of websites . Nobody 's ever going to pay attention to that banner ad because the CPM cost is low . Shontell : One thing that you 're doing at Vayner that 's interesting is your merging content and brands . In the journalism world , people start screaming . There was news that BuzzFeed is launching a team of people who are going to start sending you things that you should want to buy . There were people in the journalism who were like , " Oh my God , good thing they work for a forward - thinking publisher , because The New York Times would never do something like that . " Vaynerchuk : New York Times does it . New York Times has a wine club in their newspaper in the " Dining In " section . All that is is romance and highbrow snobbery ... The New York Times sells wine . The New York Times is a competitor of my family 's wine business . I do n't know what else to say . I have a lot of friends who work at The Times because I ' m a fan . It was so fun to make fun of them . I was like , " You ' ve been doing it . " They 're like " Oh . " I ' m like , " Where are you ? ! " But yes , I have . I ' ve started something called the Gallery . VaynerMedia is what I ' ve been running . I ' ve created a holding company called Vayner X. VaynerMedia sits on the left . On the right side is something called the Gallery . Our first purchase was a company called Pure Wow . It 's in that Pop Sugar , Refinery29 , female space . I had become increasingly aware that Vice and BuzzFeed and Vox were building creative shops and felt like they were true competitors because they had better digital DNA than , let 's say , the agencies on Madison Avenue . I thought , " Look , I can sit here and watch that happen or I can do the reverse . " In my great dream of building the greatest communications and marketing machine , publishing will be part of it . I never worried about the conflicts and things of that nature because everybody 's doing it . New York Times is doing it . It 's just that an agency had n't bought a publisher , because most of them could n't afford it and most of them do n't have the -- to be very frank -- the ambition I have . When you want to buy the New York Jets , you have to do big things . Shontell : How close are you to buying the Jets ? Vaynerchuk : Far . The Jets are probably $ 2.7 or $ 2.8 billion . I ' m nowhere close to that . The good news is I do n't want to buy the Jets tomorrow . I love the journey of being an entrepreneur more than I like of the idea of buying the Jets . The good news is , Woody Johnson 's healthy and young and not looking to sell . We 'll see how it plays out and if the booby prize is the Dallas Mavericks ... Well , no , actually Cuban 's too young ... If the booby prize is the Milwaukee Brewers , we 'll see and maybe it 'll be something altogether different . All I can focus on is trying to build the business around giving me those kinds of opportunities in the future . Shontell : I have a couple of wrap - up questions because you produce these advice videos on big topics that everybody thinks about when they run a business . First one : dropping a " loser " friend . You ' ve done a video on this . Vaynerchuk : Wow , I ca n't believe you went there . This is a tough one . Shontell : How do you get rid of friends who are useless to you ? Vaynerchuk : This has been the one that I ' ve been very hot on talking about in the world but I ' ve been scared of because even when you just said that , I ' m like , " Ugh . This guy 's terrible . " Shontell : It 's a good , provocative headline . Vaynerchuk : It is . I think that people are keeping very negative people around them and if they aspire to change their situation , it 's imperative to audit the seven to 10 people who are around you . That 's the reason I go after a friend , or a parent . In the details of that headline , I said " Hey , you may have to audit your mom . Not that I want you to never talk to your mom again , but you may want to take a step back . " I ' ve done this for friends and acquaintances . It 's a very painful , eye - opening experience to realize , " Wait a minute , my dad actually does n't want me to be successful because he 's not happy . " Whether you call it misery loves company , it 's not like parents are bad people . It 's a human trait . It 's just a thing . Maybe if you got rid of one friend or spent a lot less time with one friend who 's a real drag and a negative force and added a positive person in your office ... If you switched it from 80 days hanging out with your negative friend and one day with your office acquaintance who 's super positive , to four days with your negative friend and 12 with this new person . I ' ve physically watched I mentor in my organizations have a totally different life on that thesis . Stephen Lovekin / Getty Images for Pencils Of Promise Shontell : All right . That makes sense . It 's basically the company you keep and if it 's positive company , you think you 'll be more successful . Another topic you talk about is , " It 's lonely at the top . " How do you solve for that ? Vaynerchuk : You do n't solve for it because it 's the truth . When you 're the CEO , it 's on you . It 's Sally 's fault . It 's Rick 's fault . Everything that 's wrong at Vayner is my fault . Here 's what I would say . 80% of you who are listening are actually not entrepreneurs . You think you are . You 're doing it because it 's hot and what you really are is a great number three [ third employee at a startup ] , or a great number seven . You 're not actually built for eating shit and being in fire all day long . You 're going to be more depressed . It 's even harder and I think it 's time we talk about entrepreneurship in a real way , because there 's a lot more underlying suicide and depression in our tech startup entrepreneurial world ... I think we 're in a vortex of fake entrepreneurship that 's going to lead to a lot of pain so I want to talk about the loneliness because it is hard . I ' ve had a shit week , Alyson . Honestly . There 's been a lot going on . Clients , internal stuff . It 's not fun but it 's my calling . I do n't even know anything else . Shontell : How do you deal with it ? Do you meditate ? Vaynerchuk : I put in perspective and honestly . I love it but I love shit . I love the pain . I love the process . I ' m just watching kids I invested in , and really struggle and go to Coachella and skiing every weekend to deal with it . Which then means they 're not putting in real work to the business . They would have killed it as number nine at Instagram . They would have made a fortune . They would have crushed it as number 11 at Purple Mattress or Casper . They would have dominated as number 29 at Business Insider . But everybody thinks they 're a goddamn founder now . Shontell : The last one that I would ask you is you 're clearly a confident person , you do n't mind speaking your mind , you 're assertive . How much of success , do you think , requires that ? Vaynerchuk : I think it 's the one we see . I think the opposite version of me is the one we do n't see , which is there are tens of thousands of outrageously successful businesses of very quiet , very calculated , calm executors who are confident . You ca n't be successful without being confident . They believe in themselves . They have their own version of assertiveness ... I think confidence matters and I think other things matter , like I would tell you empathy is probably why I ' m more successful than confidence . I ' m empathic to the customer , to my business partners , to my employees . Vaynerchuk : You ' ve got me in a very thoughtful zone . This is a very weird version of me . Roy Rochlin / Getty Images for 2016 Advertising Week New York Shontell : Good . We 'll capitalize on the weird . Rule No . 1 of running a business is focus . But you 're doing 10 different things . You have your sports agency , VaynerSports , your media business , Vayner Media . Vaynerchuk : Let 's go through it because I think it will help and it will help other entrepreneurs . I think I ' m good at making it look like that . It feels like a lot 's going on but , for example , 80% of my public speaking is only accepted if I believe there 's a business - development opportunity for VaynerMedia . Instead of doing RFPs like Ogilvy , I go to CMO conferences , speak real truths , and get a client without spending four and a half months courting them . That 's smart . That 's being VaynerMedia 's CEO . VaynerSports . [ My brother ] AJ and his team are running it . I am -- just like I was for VaynerMedia -- the guy who gets Braxton Miller signed . Do I have to fly to Houston and close it ? Sure . Shontell : How did you do that ? Vaynerchuk : We hired somebody who went to Ohio State who had a relationship . We just started talking , getting to know each other and over the course of nine months ... We are going to build a very disruptive sports agency . We are going to make more money off the field for these athletes than anybody has ever done because we 'll do a lot of small deals . We 're going to hustle . We 're not just going to rely on Puma , Reebok , Nike , Under Armor , and Panini Sports Cards . It 's going to come to us in waves but that 's how . Just personal relationships . There 's VaynerMedia , which is 90% of my time . I ' ve really calmed down on my investing because I think there 's a lot fake entrepreneurship . Phil Toronto is running point for me and is looking at a lot of stuff , but I ' m looking at very little stuff ... Do n't forget , I ' m also working 15 to 18 hours a day , which means if you really think of somebody 's eight - hour day and you think about 40 hours and then you think about lunch and breakfast and dinner , which I do none of during my actual day . Shontell : You do n't eat ? Vaynerchuk : Nope . I eat at night . Shontell : Do n't you get hungry ? I could never do that . Vaynerchuk : Nope . This is the part where AJ jumps in and says , " Gary 's actually a robot . That 's why this is all happening . " Shontell : Do you sleep ? Are you one of those four - hour sleepers ? Vaynerchuk : Nope . I ' m all in on Arianna Huffington 's [ you - need - sleep theory ] . Give me six or seven hours . Give me 12:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. every day , then I work out and then I work . I also take seven weeks of vacation with my family . It 's extremism on my work - life balance . But I ' m getting a lot done . Shontell : Well , that 's something to aspire to . Vaynerchuk : It 's something to aspire to if it makes you happy . It 's not to aspire to to make money . I can tell you that right now . You can make ungodly amounts of money working 9 to 5 , or 8 to 2 on Wall Street . It 's not about the money . The thing to aspire to that I think I ' m a blueprint of is , forget about people knowing who I am or how much or little I make in my life . I ' m happy every day .
Three Maine organizations are bringing a successful coding school to Maine in an effort to increase the public 's access to educational opportunities around software and web development , and to increase employers ' access to qualified developers . Earlier this week , Venture Hall , Thomas College , and Project Login , announced that they had signed an agreement with Seattle - based Code Fellows to launch a pilot project in Maine to teach software development classes . The pilot , which is set to launch this summer , will be used to determine a " product - market fit " with Maine and Maine employers looking to ramp up the coding abilities of their employees , according to Mike Sobol , CEO of Venture Hall . " Fitting the demand of workers and the interests of employers together will make the launch of the full Code Fellows program to Maine successful and sustainable , " Sobol said . The first two Code 101 classes will be held June 10 at Thomas College in Waterville and June 11 at Cloudport in Portland . The initial one - day course is $ 93.83 and people can register on the Venture Hall website . The idea going forward is to work with employers and other institutions to bring these introductory coding classes , and introduce more in - depth courses , throughout the state . Eventually , assuming the pilot is a success , the project will seek state certification to become a for - profit educational organization so it can offer the full Code Fellows curriculum , including Code 201 , 301 , and 401 level courses in advanced software development . " We believe in the power of a coding education and what it means for the future of Maine 's workforce and Maine 's innovation ecosystem , " said Laurie Lachance , president of Thomas College in Waterville . " This type of program , we believe , could be a critical tool for workers to develop new skills and for employers to offer employees new ways to get the training and skills they need to advance and be a part of their company 's success . " Code Fellows was founded in Seattle in 2013 to tackle a common problem in Maine : employers find it difficult to hire enough qualified developers . To date , 750 people have gone through the full Code Fellows curriculum . The organization reports that 80 percent of those graduates were hired " in - field " after an average job search of 11.5 weeks and average starting salary of more than $ 72,000 . Graduates , of which a full 77 percent had no professional coding background when they began the program , have most frequently found jobs as software engineers , back - end developers , web producers , full - stack developers , and software development engineers , according to the organization . " By offering industry - leading curriculum to create professional developers in a matter of months -- not years -- there 's an enormous opportunity to support the success of Maine employers and Maine workers for many years to come , " said Mitchell Robertson , VP of Code Fellows . Read more about the Maine startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co The post New coding school coming to Maine appeared first on Maine Startups Insider . This article is courtesy of Maine Startups Insider , created by Whit Richardson , a journalist who 's covered Maine 's business community for the past decade . Visit Maine Startups Insider to read more about Maine 's startup community and subscribe to the weekly newsletter .
Even when capital is readily available , fundraising is still not easy . The markets are cold , and according to Crain 's and Alley Watch , early stage investment activity in 2016 in NYC is down compared to 2015 . The lack of IPOs and liquidity in the later stage has a reverse domino effect on the whole investment ecosystem . The bitter election and uncertainty around world economics and the future are n't helping either . As a result , we are seeing a significant reluctance in seed investing . There are fewer angel investors , and those who do invest take much longer and invest much less . Similarly , micro VCs are more cautious and take a lot longer to make decisions . What used to be two or three meetings to a check , now is five or six meetings to a maybe . This market is not likely to improve quickly . 2017 may continue to be slow and difficult for seed fundraising . Here are some practical things founders can do to be successful in this new environment . Start by thinking about how you can do more with less . If you previously planned to raise $ 1 millon , can you revise your plan to accomplish the same with $ 700 K ? Most of the time , founders ask for arbitrary round numbers like $ 1 million or $ 2 million instead of the actual amount of capital needed to achieve specific milestones . Think about what can you cut . Work to re - budget . Hire less people . Spend a little bit less on marketing . Get rid of your office space . Try to get hosting credits from Amazon or Digital Ocean . Be creative and stingy . Spend time really polishing your financial model , and forecast , so that you can confidently tell investors why you are only raising $ 700 K and why you know you can achieve the necessary milestones with less capital . Very few things upset founders more than a low cap or pre - money valuation . Whenever founders look at a term sheet , the only important term they see is valuation . In reality , many other terms matter , and post - money valuation actually matters a lot more than pre - money valuation , because that s the true indicator of how much dilution the founders are going to have . It is important for founders to realize that in a slow market , investors want a deal . When there is plenty of capital to go around , founders ask for high valuations . When there is little capital to go around , investors push for low valuations . Investors want a deal . Instead of being stuck on the numbers , lower the valuation and get your round done . You thought you were going to raise capital on $ 5 million cap but investors want $ 3 million cap ? Fine , agree to the deal . Yes , this is a lot more dilution , but you 'd rather raise quickly on a lower valuation that not raise at all . More importantly , if you crush it , there will be an opportunity for you to make up the dilution in future financings . A year from now , when you may need to raise capital again , your numbers will be stronger and maybe the market will be better as well . At that time , you will be in a position to ask for better terms and you can compensate for the dilution you have to agree to now . Simply put , you can get diluted 25 percent now and 15 percent later , or 15 percent now and 25 percent later , and it is the same amount of dilution . Sure , ideally , founders want less dilution now and later , but this is not the real world , that 's not how markets work , and that 's not what investors want . Recognize the reality , give the investors a deal , and close your round faster . Also , raise less capital and your dilution will be smaller . When in doubt , add more to the top of the funnel . This is true for both sales and for raising capital . In a slow market , the shape of your fundraising funnel changes in two ways . First , it gets taller . It will take you more meetings and more time with every single investor . What used to take two to three meetings to a check , may now take five to six . Be prepared and ask what the steps are , how long the process will take , and what to expect . Secondly , a lot more people will say no in every stage , so it is important to triple the top of your investor funnel . Fundraising , like sales , is a numbers game . You need to meet a lot of investors to get funding . Most say no , because seed stage companies are super risky . Just be ready to get a lot of no 's , and keep finding new investors to talk to . While it is important to talk to a lot of investors , this does n't mean you need to talk to every investor out there . Quite the opposite . You can only get funding from a qualified investor - someone who is interested in your space , someone who has capital to invest , someone who hasn't backed your competitor . Research the investors to make sure they are qualified . Do not waste your time by trying to talk to every single investor out there . In a world enamored with venture capital , we rarely talk about profitability . Yet , profitability for a startup is the most liberating thing that can happen . When you become profitable , you no longer depend on raising external capital . Can you become profitable by closing a few more contracts , cutting expenses , and slowing down your growth ? If you can , then this is the time to seriously consider doing it . If you become profitable you will be able to control your destiny . A company that 's profitable is also more attractive to investors . It 's less risky and it 's clear that the management team will spend the money responsibly . Even if you are n't profitable now , make profitability your next milestone . Instead of telling investors you will need to raise more money in 12 months , build a plan that gets you to profitability . Early stage investors are reluctant to invest because the companies do n't have enough traction . Real traction is revenue and paying customers . Get obsessed with sales and getting customers , not just fundraising . Every single paying customer gets you closer to profitability , and to ultimate independence . The more customers you get , the more convinced you are about the business and the faster investor dollars will come . Become your own toughest critic , leave no stone unturned and ask all the questions investors will ask . Nothing excites investors more than actual paying customers and hockey stick growth in customers and revenue . Get to revenue , grow the revenue , and your chances of fundraising will go up . In a slower environment , the bar for everything is higher . Not only do investors expect a better deal , they will also expect an inspirational vision and a bigger story . Investors are naturally attracted to founders who have strong founder - market fit , see the future , and have the ability to make it happen . The reason investors are attracted to artful storytelling is because they know that great CEOs and founders have to inspire customers , employees , and new investors . Founders who have a clear vision are also very resilient - they know where they 're going , why they 're doing it , and what they are doing , and that gives them strength . Inspirational founders with massive vision are the founders who wo n't give up . Take your vision and weave it into an inspirational story and investors will be more likely to invest . Lastly , be ready to not raise capital at all . Strong founders need to be ready for every situation , and there is a real possibility that you wo n't be able to raise any capital or will raise a lot less than you set out to do . Do you feel like investors are n't biting , and you ' ve been fundraising for months ? When your fundraising is not going well , it is time to pause and re - think your strategy . It is probably time to switch to plan B and to bootstrap . The important thing is to have clear plan . What can you do with little capital ? How long can your team go without being paid ? Can you tap your friends and family to help a little bit ? Can you make progress on the product ? Can you sell more customers ? Can you execute on the business without the capital ? Having a very specific and concrete plan and having very specific and open conversations with your co - founders is really important . Come up with a plan , discuss it , get feedback and then go back and execute on it . This post originally appeared on Thoughts on Tech Startups and Venture Capital by Alex Iskold . This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
Apple 's plans to get involved in augmented reality has got the tech world curious and excited about what it will entail . However , we have very little concrete to go on so far . By piecing together what we do know , like their pattern of acquisitions and statements , we can easily speculate wildly about what the future might hold . We all remember how the iPhone reshaped and , in some ways , created the market for mobile apps we know today . With that in mind , an Apple augmented reality device could change the field for developers and consumers alike . Virtual , augmented , and mixed reality are generally grouped together as " reality - based " ( or sometimes " reality - altering " ) technologies . The key underpinning of this grouping is the fact that they use virtual , digital elements to change how we perceive reality . For virtual reality , this means plunging the user into 360 degrees of complete alternative reality , one that does n't include any elements from the physical world . SP The difference between augmented and mixed reality is a bit of a contested , terminological territory . The general conception of augmented reality refers to technology that augments , supports , or improves how people interact with the physical world . Until very recently , this technology has been limited in its scope and had lacked true " wow " factor . Microsoft , Apple 's great competitor , has developed and is close to releasing the final product of their HoloLens . In effect , it could be defined as an augmented reality device . In order to emphasize the degree to which the HoloLens is a definitive step forward in scale and kind from existing AR technologies , they decided to term it as a mixed reality device . SP The HoloLens is a head - mounted device that allows the user to interact with virtual elements that realistically interact and integrate with physical components of the surroundings . This means that , unlike traditional AR mobile apps that operate as " overlays , " this mixed reality includes virtual objects that bounce off physical surfaces , roll down real slopes and are occluded by passing objects . SP This is all accomplished with the use of spatial mapping functions that operate in real - time and provide the information to orient virtual models ( or holograms in Microsoft lingo ) . In a comparison with HoloLens , an Apple AR device would rely on similar technology . As of now , the Development Edition of the HoloLens has been released for businesses and developers . The exact release date for the retail version has not yet been released but the working efficiency of the Development Edition portents a not - too - distant release . SP The spark that arose of all this speculation was Tim Cook 's comments regarding Apple 's interest in AR . SP " I regard augmented reality is a big idea like the smartphone , " said Cook . " The smartphone is for everyone , we do n't have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic , or country or vertical market : it 's for everyone . I think AR is that big , it 's huge . I get excited because of the things that could be done that could improve a lot of lives . " This has since been further substantiated by the inferences drawn from the recent hirings and acquisitions of personnel and startups involved in the technology . The major question that has emerged is " which direction will they plan to take with AR ? " On the one hand , there could be iPhone , mobile - based development and , on the other hand , there could a head - mounted / Google Glasses - inspired device . SP People in the industry like me and you , are so excited about all the crazy things augmented reality is capable of , such as restructuring how manufacturers conceptualize products , retailers market products , and so on . But for everyday consumers , the introduction of these new technologies will likely be simpler and more familiar . SP It 's very likely that when Apple looks at the question of implementing AR , they wo n't ask " What amazing new features can we add ? " but instead " What do users already do that we can make better ? " The extension of this question is to look at when and why users have their phones out in a way that is directly related to the environment around them . SP With this in mind , navigation seems like a logical place for AR - integration . Instead of looking at a top - down map that can be disorienting for a person unfamiliar with landmarks or streets , AR could allow a user to simply see on the screen the world around them with directions overlaying it . In concrete terms , this could a highlighted line , or track , that the user would see on his screen . SP Filters for social apps , most notably Snapchat , have gained massive usage among younger demographics . The idea of using this technology to make real - time , filtered videos is the kind of thing that at first seems trivial but in truth would be used by huge numbers of users . The Google Glasses were a well - documented bust . Some people say the technology just was n't advanced enough to support the idea , whereas others blamed how they looked . In all likelihood , these two major reasons worked in tandem to kill the groundbreaking technology . With the success of HoloLens yet to be determined , the figures at Apple must be reasoning out the cost - benefits of embarking on a similar project . Apple has already deployed devices like the Apple Watch that work in concert with an iPhone . It is very feasible that a standalone AR device would , in fact , be linked with an iPhone so as to provide power without forcing the AR device to be too large and clunky . SP Are they looking to make the same leap made by Google and Microsoft in building a completely new type of device that , if successful , would be game - changer in the mold of the iPhone ? It seems to us that perhaps that is a long - term goal but we 're much likely to see iPhone oriented AR first . SP The jury still remains out and leaning toward a damning indictment , when it comes to head - mounted devices . Virtual reality trends seem to show people are n't opposed to using them in dedicated , intentional settings . But the idea of people walking around with contraptions on their heads still seems far away . The most likely outcome seems to be a new , AR - oriented iPhone . For developers , that 'd be a dream come true . Reality - based technology is here to stay . It 's fun . It 's useful . And it 's just so cool when it works well . Read more about augmented reality here on Tech . Co
Today , plenty of startups operate in a remote office to reduce their overhead expenses and lessen the time it takes to get things going . Most , if not all , of them use online collaboration platforms to overcome the distance barrier - allowing employees to work together as if they 're located in the same building . Others resort to the traditional ways of communicating through emails and instant messaging applications like Skype . Regardless of their methods , nothing beats having a physical office space when it comes to bringing teams closer together . It will also allow you to attract foot traffic , ensure the productivity of employees , and boost the legitimacy of your business . Setting up an office for the very first time is also a significant milestone that indicates growth . Read a quick guide to starting a business culture If you think your business is ready for the next step , below are 5 tools you can use to find your first workplace : Craiglist is a popular site to check for prospective office or commercial spaces and everything else under the sun , just be careful of fake listings and do your research on the property first . SP Read about building a company culture at your office here For US - based self - employed professionals and freelancers , you can start with Offices to find your first executive office . The platform also searches temporary workspaces for small companies who are open to office sharing . All of the properties are suited for short - term arrangements , which is useful if you 're trying to avoid expensive monthly fees . Offices.net also allows you to request for " Instant Quotes " by filling in details about your company such as location , contact information , and team size . This is useful if you 'd rather have someone else hunt for a suitable property for your startup . SP LoopNet is a good alternative to Craigslist if you 're looking for an office space for lease or sale . It includes roughly 800,000 properties across the United States - more than enough options to let you find the exact workspace that matches your company 's needs . Just like Craigslist , LoopNet lets you narrow down your search by location as well as specify the type of property you prefer , including but not limited to senior housing , retail stores , and office spaces . Alternatively , you can connect with a certified broker to help you find the best deal for your money . SP Lastly , ShareDesk is one of the simplest and most straightforward tools you can use for finding on - demand workspaces - wherever you are in the world . It allows you to search for shared office spaces or business centers for short - term arrangements . Everything else , from payments to customer support , can be done through the website as well . One of the biggest advantages of ShareDesk is that it covers a total of 440 cities in different countries across the globe . It is , however , not the most cost - effective platform if you need a workplace for the long - term . UK - based startups can depend on LondonOfficeSpace.com - a listing site specifically for startups and businesses across the pond . Once you find a property that piques your interest , you can book a viewing and request for the price directly from the website . Another advantage of the platform is the amount of details included in each property page . Other than the property 's key features , actual images , and contact information , its location is also marked in the Google Maps widget right below . SP What other platforms would you recommend to find an office space for your startup ? Comment below or on our Facebook page . Read more about creating an office space at Tech . Co
Qumulo CEO Bill Richter . ( Madrona Venture Group Photo ) SP Qumulo has spent the past five years building out its cloud - based platform that helps companies store and manage their data usage . Now the company is ready to attract enterprise customers from around the world and become a globally - recognized brand . The Seattle startup today announced a $ 30 million investment round led by new investor Northern Light Venture Capital , with participation from previous investors like Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , Madrona Venture Group , Top Tier Capital Partners , and Tyche Partners . This follows a separate $ 32.5 million investment in June of last year . Total funding in the 5-year - old company is now $ 130 million . Qumulo helps clients in a variety of industries like film production , oil and gas , life sciences , and more not only store data , but also monitor it with real - time analytics . Qumulo CEO Bill Richter , who joined the company this past November , said the fresh investment is " all about fueling growth . " " This round is all about taking a best of breed product that 's built for the modern world , marrying it up with a world class leadership organization , and really going out and prosecuting a large , growing , and uncontested market , " Richter told GeekWire . Richter took over for Qumulo co - founder Peter Godman , who is now CTO . The two colleagues previously worked together as executives at Isilon Systems -- as did Qumulo 's two other co - founders Neal Fachan and Aaron Passey -- which sold to EMC for $ 2.25 billion in 2010 , marking one of the biggest acquisitions in Seattle tech history . Richter , also a venture partner at Madrona Venture Group -- one of Seattle 's top venture capital firms and one of Qumulo 's earliest backers -- said he 's more bullish about Qumulo compared to what he experienced at Isilon . " Our opportunity is so much bigger than Isilon because the rate of data creation in the world is only accelerating , " he said . " The problem is even more pronounced ; the market is so much larger ; and the choices are much fewer for customers . " The " problem " Richter referenced is all about how to manage and monitor a company 's unstructured data usage . Qumulo helps companies understand where the consumption of resources is coming from and learn why so much data exists in the first place . Qumulo 's Core product helps answers questions like , " What was my data like six months ago ? " or , " What data do I need to back up ? " or , " What is driving my data growth ? " Qumulo Core can run on commodity hardware , dedicated appliances , or in virtual machines . " Every business out there is becoming a digital business , " Richter noted . " Data is becoming the most important asset for any organization . " Qumulo has more than 100 customers including companies like Crafty Apes , which used Qumulo to help with the 2D compositing for the opening scene in La La Land , and Sinclair Oil , which uses the technology for its new digital repository . Richter said Qumulo is in a $ 10 billion market , with few competitors given the complexity of the problem and potential solutions . He said three qualities -- software - defined ( can run both on - premises and in the public cloud ) ; built for modern scale ; data analytics -- help separate Qumulo from other similar products . " Customers today have really lousy choices , " he explained . " They can buy legacy solutions built in the 1990s or early 2000s from companies like Dell , Hitachi , or Net App , but those systems just fall over under today 's definition of scale . They were never built to be able to store and manage information like the type of data we have today . " Richter said some companies can rewrite their applications and try to leverage public cloud solutions like Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure -- Qumulo views them as " strategic partners " -- but that most do n't have the time , money , or expertise to do so . Qumulo employs 150 people and recently made a few key hires . In November it brought on tech industry vet Eric Scollard as its vice president of worldwide sales , and in February it hired Amazon and Chef veteran Jay Wampold as its vice president of marketing . " There 's been a lot of momentum around the leadership team and bringing in a new level of horsepower to really grow the business , " Richter noted . As for a potential public offering , Richter said Qumulo " certainly has the opportunity " and will raise additional capital at some point in the future . " But we 're not really focused on things like an IPO , " he said . " We are focused on growing a long - term , highly successful and independent company . This financing round gives us a lot of flexibility and fuel to grow . " Feng Deng , founding managing director of China - focused Northern Light Venture Capital , described Qumulo as a " high - growth company at the crossroads of innovation and disruption . " " We are seeing a massive explosion in digital file data worldwide , " Deng said in a statement . " Qumulo addresses the challenge of unstructured data growth and management that incumbents have found impossible to solve . Northern Light is committed to helping entrepreneurs build world class companies through our expertise and resources and Qumulo fits that investment profile as a high - growth company at the crossroads of innovation and disruption . "
Today 55 million Americans are working as freelancers . That 's 35 per cent of the US workforce . By 2020 it 's predicted that this proportion will increase to more than 40 per cent of Americans . Why the huge rise in freelance economy ? The internet has a lot to do with it . Now that it 's so easy for freelancers to showcase themselves and find work online regardless of the country they 're in , why tie yourself down to one company or one place ? SP With disappearing employment rights and a decline in perks such as benefit pension schemes , fixed employment is n't so attractive anymore , either . SP The so - called ' Gig Economy ' is thriving , with freelance workers earning an estimated $ 1trn in 2016 . The opportunity to promote yourself is also becoming easier - brand building is no longer exclusively for big name players . SP And it 's not just the workers reap the benefits . A flexible workforce has been largely responsible for the startup explosion in the last decade , employers are now gaining entry to a larger , more diverse , global pool of talent . SP How do we adapt ? We 're all still getting to grips with this new , independent way of working and it 's not without its difficulties . SP Being an independent contractor or a freelancer means sacrificing certain securities and facing the world all alone . For employers , it 's hard to find freelancers they can trust and who will stay loyal to their company . So what 's being done to create a secure place for the curious world of freelance ? New opportunities for skilled independent contractors SP New opportunities for creative freelancers SP Platforms like these help to mitigate the risks of independent working . And why not ? For some people independent working is the best option out there . Here 's to a more flexible future . SP
The University of Johannesburg ( UJ ) has announced a new incubator which will aim to empower its students and create thousands of youth - driven businesses within the tech sector . The programme was established in partnership with the Finnish University of Applied Science , Laurea . The university based in the Uusimaa region of Finland is known for boosting entrepreneurship among the youth through their EER entrepreneurial ecosystem programme . " We want to see our students and other young people start businesses valuable to the economy . We want them to create jobs and grow local economies rather than to be looking for employment , " said UJ 's VC , Ihron Rensburg . " Obviously we train them to be ready for the workplace . However , we want far more young people to plan and start businesses , understanding what it takes , how it needs to be done , and what support is available to make it a success . " Rensburg also noted that the university wants to " encourage far more UJ students setting up small enterprises of their own , especially tech startups " . " In Helsinki , about ten thousand young entrepreneurs attend the SLUSH conference every year , which is an extraordinary event . They present their startups to venture capitalists for funding and further development . Many of the startups are founded by Laurea students , " Rensburg added . The programme hopes to equip young entrepreneurs with the necessary knowledge and support they need . This will prepare the young entrepreneurs to be able to present their businesses in front of VCs as well as angel investors and other viable sources of capital to get their business moving . Featured image : Univerity of Johannesburg SP
The ' dead zone ' ... This is the purgatory where startups are either cleansed of their inability to serve the needs of their respective markets or they , like most startups , die a painful death . This is a familiar and very dangerous place to be in because it could literally make or break your venture . Based purely on my limited experience in the startup realm , the dead zone can be defined as any prolonged period of time where your early - stage startup makes money but experiences little to no growth . What makes this zone exceptionally dangerous for startups is that you get fooled into believing that your startup is doing okay -- it is , after all making money . The problem is by ignoring the growth problem you are actively choosing to focus on the wrong goal . A startup by definition is a temporary business entity carrying out a series of business experiments based on a set of assumptions with the objective of growing into a big business . If you are not growing for a prolonged period of time , your startup is in crisis as it can not , without user growth , become a big business . There are a number of reasons a startup may find itself in the dead - zone . Firstly , it is possible that you misread trends in your market . Here is a prime example ... You launch an ' anything goes freelance marketplace ' , absolutely ignoring ; i. ) the fact that the freelance space is oversaturated with businesses doing the exact same thing , ii . ) South African companies have a general distrust for freelancers - they would at most , be willing to work with freelancers with a proven track record on Upwork or someone they have worked with in the past and iii . ) that talented developers do not want to be given silly tasks by clients who are clearly trying to exploit them by offering below market rates ( and refusing to pay once the project is complete ) . The startup in this example may , if it is lucky , experience some growth . However , unless it changes its approach by building a solution that factors in the three problems stated in previous sentence , the startup is unlikely to experience any further growth simply because the founders have misread market trends . In order to prevent the aforementioned situation from happening you need to stay abreast with your market happenings and its drivers . Ask industry related questions on Hacker News or to industry experts on Quora if you must , have constant discussions about your market in order to keep in touch with the trends that are continuously defining your market space . This may not get your startup out of the dead zone but it will give you greater insight on your market . There are numerous other reasons you may find your startup stuck in the dead zone including , but not limited to ; not solving a pertinent problem and not changing your product , or marketing approach to accommodate changing user needs . Finding the reason requires some introspection from your part . You understand your startup and your metrics well enough to figure out why it is not growing . I will not pretend to be an expert in entrepreneurship as I have a clear understanding of the limitations of my knowledge , but I will propose a few solutions that I believe are worth trying . Since a startup is by definition a series of experiments , you can start off by re - evaluating the assumptions your experiments are based on . If you were for example to build a Slackbot that charges companies to send a summary of their analytics to a Slack channel of their choosing , you may , if you are not growing for a prolonged period , want to reconsider the assumption that people would want to subscribe to the services offered by your Slackbot . Maybe you ought to shift from a subscription model to once - off payments and upsell your clients . Alternatively , the problem could lie in the fact that the solution offered by your startup has not been communicated clearly enough to attract more users . Save for a few early adopters , people are generally too conservative to use a service that does n't have a very clear purpose . This is not a bad space to be in as it gives you quite a lot of leeway to experiment and/or pivot in order to figure out what problem you should be trying to solve , how to communicate your solution clearer and which market you need to target . Do not remain stagnant for too long , try different things and try them as quickly as possible . Trade perfection for speed , but do not do things haphazardly , there has to be a balance . These are but a few suggestions that may or may not work for your startup . The fact , however , remains the same , if your startup is in the dead zone you have to do something to act as quickly as you can to get yourself out of that position . It may happen that your startup is simply a small business that can not scale into a big business by virtue of the market you are targeting , if that is the case then this article probably does not apply to you . Feature image : U.S. Department of Agriculture via Flickr .
Roughly 2.25 billion cups of coffee are consumed each day around the world . The United States imports $ 4 billion in coffee each year from mostly developing nations , and Americans consume about 400 million cups of coffee per day . There are approximately 24,000 independent coffee shops strewn across the US , and specialty coffee sales are increasing at a rate of about 20 percent a year to nab an 8 percent share of the domestic market - approximately $ 1.5 billion per year . Your morning coffee is a big deal , obviously . But what is on the horizon ? Are there any big breakthroughs ? Or are we relegated to sipping the same old " black with two creams and a sugar " drip coffee we ' ve been enjoying for decades ? Thanks to a select group of startups in the coffee industry , we might be on the verge of a coffee revolution . Let 's look at some of the big players poised to make an impact on your morning coffee below : There has always been a certain disconnect between coffee growers and the end consumer . In fact , there are usually up to twelve distinct entities involved in the production of coffee ( grower , cooperatives , shippers , importers , certifiers , roasters , etc . ) that take their share of the pie while the consumer waits patiently for a simple roasted coffee bean . And the farmers and growers are often paid very little for their product - even as designer coffee brands command a premium on the open market . Enter VEGA Coffee , a subscription - based service that allows coffee drinkers to receive carefully curated , single - origin coffee that is roasted by the grower and shipped directly to the consumer . This ensures a more equitable experience for the growers and a rich taste and high - quality product for coffee drinkers . SP About 30 percent of all coffee consumed in the U.S. each day is brewed using a " K - cup " or single - serving coffee maker , but VitaCup grasped the opportunity to dramatically improve the health benefits of a daily cup of coffee by infusing a variety of vitamins into their proprietary blend . Vitamins like B1 , B6 , and D3 are added to their K - cup - compatible pods and impart no taste to the blend . Their pods are eco - friendly , biodegradable , BPA - free , and they use fair - trade coffee in their revolutionary K - cups . Fully compatible with standard Keurig - style brewing machines and designed to give a vitality - enhancing boost to any morning coffee drinker 's day , VitaCup is poised to shake up the market in a big way . One startup taking the " coffee - on - the - go " phenomenon to new heights is UNA . They claim that their system is the " most intelligent way to brew coffee and tea ANYWHERE and ANYTIME . " While there is no way to quantify their level of intelligence relative to other instant coffee machines on the market , these guys are bound to be classified as a disruptor in the field . Their coffee brewing system looks like a traditional travel tumbler , but is really a self - contained brewing unit - battery - powered and it can even be controlled via smartphone . It heats water while on the go , brews coffee seamlessly , and is easy to use and clean . Imagine life before Uber . If you needed to get somewhere and you did n't own a car or a friend was n't close at hand , what were you going to do ? Call a cab and wait an hour for a car to come pick you up ? The team at Clowder is attempting to be the Uber of Coffee , and their business model is pretty simple . Clowder will deliver a hot or cold morning coffee to your desk , no tips or fees required , in just 15 minutes - and all starting at just $ 3.25 per drink . Long lines in coffee shops are the bane of busy commuters , and think of the lost productivity one endures while waiting in the traditional " cattle - call " line at a busy coffee shop . Instead , startup Clowder is creating devoted fans who simply have better things to do than wait in line . Right now , they operate in NYC only , but have plans to expand . Read more about getting a better night 's sleep here on Tech . Co
Shelf Engine co - founders Bede Jordan and Stefan Kalb . Photo via Shelf Engine . SP As his fresh salad and sandwich business started taking off a few years ago , Stefan Kalb realized he had a problem . Kalb , co - founder of Seattle - based Molly 's , learned how difficult it was to predict customer order patterns . At the time , Molly 's had 30 different menu items and delivered orders to more than 200 different customers each week . The root of the problem was all about how Molly 's made bulk orders for perishable foods -- they were often not perfect . When orders should have been increased , they were decreased ; when orders should have been decreased , they were increased . Sometimes , when an order needed to be changed , nothing was adjusted . In response , Kalb channeled his entrepreneurial energy and built software that helped Molly 's purchase the right amount of bulk food to fulfill customer orders . The financial impact was so substantial that Kalb has turned that idea into a entirely new company . The result is Shelf Engine , a new 3-person Seattle startup that just raised a $ 800,000 seed round to help perishable food distributors and grocery stores fine - tune their item order patterns to both save money and reduce waste . The investment was led by Initialized Capital ( Reddit co - founder Alexis Ohanian is a general partner ) , with participation from Founder 's Co - op , Liquid 2 Ventures ( Joe Montana is a general partner ) , and other angels . " As seed investors , we 're always excited to learn about new problems that have potentially valuable software solutions -- food waste is one of them , " Ohanian wrote on ProductHunt today . " In addition , it 's also a social problem and at a time when there are still people who go hungry , Shelf Engine is a means to reduce waste and thus cost . The food industry hasn't had the ability to solve this with software and this app helps retailers and distributors reduce their waste . " SP In the company 's case study , it explains how many managers often make orders based on their current waste numbers -- a flawed method , because " that decision is n't based on a cumulation of waste and deliveries . " This creates a " whiplash effect " where orders are fluctuating from week to week and products are either selling out or have a high level of waste . Shelf Engine is one of the first startups to utilize artificial intelligence for the perishable food industry , Kalb explained . There are existing solutions like GPS tracking and inventory management , but not so much in terms of data - crunching software that can predict what to order . Shelf Engine uses an order prediction engine and probability models that analyze historical order and sales data , gross margins , and shelf life information -- not just how much food is wasted . The more a customer uses the system , the more accurate its recommendations become . " To make a real dent in your bottom line , your managers need to know exactly what to order , " Kalb said . " Shelf Engine uses several concurrent models that look at historical sales and correlations to generate a profit - maximizing order . We 're one of the first on the scene to be doing this . " Kalb , who was born in France and graduated from Western Washington with degrees in mathematics and economics , co - founded Shelf Engine with Bede Jordan , a Microsoft veteran who was most recently the principal software engineering lead for the company 's HoloLens team . Kalb no longer works at Molly 's , but still owns the food maker .
Everyone remembers the popularity of the Razor scooter . Every kid between the age of 4 and 40 was riding down the street with the confidence of an X - Games athlete . Tragically , everyone began ridiculing people that used this means of transportation for anything more than casual fun . Fortunately , one company is taking personal transportation seriously with a hi - tech scooter that would make George Jetson take notice . Immotor is the scooter of the future . For starters , getting around has never been easier than on this device . In addition to being completely electric , this scooter has more features than you can handle , from a Bluetooth speaker and GPS technology to accident awareness alerts and blinking brake lights . You can ride it for personal transportation , you can set it to " Power Mode " for simple hauling , and you can fold it for simple portability . This thing has it all ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ " We recognize the demand for safe and innovative battery - powered transport systems , " said Daniel Huang , CEO of Immotor . " For some time now , most of the new electric transports are being built using heavy , old batteries - and primarily using existing product designs . With Immotor GO we wanted to introduce something new , especially considering that 38% of all trips are in a personal vehicle , with a single occupant . Designed from the ground up and with zero emissions , it makes travel efficient , cheap , environmentally friendly , fun and above all - smart . " Yes , this scooter can take you anywhere . But it can also make sure you are prepared for anything their patented new battery system . With this smart battery , you can not only power your Immotor , but you can also charge other devices , like smartphones , tablets , and laptops . Dubbed the Super Battery , it has it 's own operating system that guarantees you 'll be safe no matter where you ride . According to their Indiegogo campaign , which raised just over $ 170,000 , these scooters will likely ship in late March of 2017 . They are available for preorder and will cost $ 1,099 . SP Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
We 're now exiting a long era of skill specialization , when workers could flow through entire careers in the same field , if not the same job . Now , machines are better than us at performing specialized and repetitive tasks . But , while machine intelligence may replace workers in many jobs , some experts -- like Miguel Nicolelis , the co - founder of Duke University 's Center for Neuroengineering -- say that no engineering can ever replicate the capacity of a human brain . Consciousness does not work in an algorithmic , digital way . By tapping our innate ingenuity and adaptability , we can guide intelligent machines and create new work . It 's on us to learn how to learn anything . Individuals and companies must get better at transferring knowledge from one field and applying it in another . It 's less important to specialize than to recognize equivalents across disciplines . Are you a coal miner who excels at working in teams , handling complicated engineering technology and focusing on one thing at a time ? If so , the founders of Bit Source believe that you could also be a great coder . SP In another example , the Tesla Gigafactory needed tilt - rotor helicopter mechanics to work on construction . Positing that military veterans with that skill might not be aware of how it could transfer , Tesla used targeted ads on RallyPoint , a networking site for the military and veteran community , and sussed out likely candidates . Take inventory of what you know and what skills you have , and then start imagining how they could apply or transfer in different contexts . The internet is a " choose - your - own - adventure " of learning options , ranging from Wikipedia , instructional videos on YouTube and online courses from Coursera , Udemy and EdX X The Renaissance revitalized humans ' interest in self - directed learning , especially across diverse knowledge sets and skills . Just think of Leonardo Da Vinci 's work in art and science . We 're in an analogous time today . Traditional education denotes expertise with letters after your name , but businesses engaged in rapid innovation are recognizing the value that self - taught people , or autodidacts , bring to the table . Becoming a casual expert is more than simply geeking out and taking a few online courses . Practice is key to how human brains retain and improve knowledge . As learning expert Eduardo Briceno described in his TED Talk " How to get better at the things you care about , " people tend to master something conceptually , and then go straight to execution without being good at it . Although the temptation to wing it -- to " make it up as you go " -- is strong in our fast - paced world , you must intentionally practice learning to move knowledge and skills into long - term memory . There are critical differences between an enthusiastic amateur and high - functioning autodidact . What does intentional practice look like ? Essentially , it looks " lean " ( experiment , measure , iterate ) . The methodology for entrepreneurs has proven applicable to learning across fields like healthcare and higher education -- industries where training and improving knowledge is a daily process . Some of the most innovative companies study an issue from every conceivable angle to form , test and solidify their knowledge of an issue . Beyond learning as students , they can play the part of teachers and their own dissertation committee . When repetitive practice gets boring ( because it does ) , think like a " freak " or apply game tactics to keep up enthusiasm and curiosity . Remember , learning happens when we overcome challenges . In his TED Talk , organizational psychologist Adam Grant talks about how fear and anxiety in the right amounts can spur creativity . Discover what works for you and discard what does n't . Do it mindfully and skip analysis paralysis . Much is being said about the importance of emotional intelligence in the age of AI . Social behavior requires neural capabilities that machine algorithms can not replicate . Alan Turing never designed a test for creating inside jokes or analogies to explain the quasi - religious feelings associated with seeing a provocative piece of art . Remember , learning by cataloging is just the beginning ; reliably applying knowledge in any context is the goal . Deepening emotional intelligence will help you abstract knowledge by analogy and apply it reliably in new situations , even ones that appear to be unrelated or unknown . Embrace social networking and take time to become conversant in the communication styles and points of view of other professionals and areas of expertise . SP Technology will continue changing how people acquire knowledge , but the fundamentals of human learning have not changed since " Renaissance man / woman " became a metaphor for polymath . Humans will continue to be makers and pathfinders in entirely new , AI - supported contexts . Jobs will certainly change over the next 10 to 20 years in the face of AI . The people who thrive will have interdisciplinary skills and an eclectic outlook . You do n't have to be an expert in everything ; just remember how to learn anything . Greg Amrofell is co - founder of Intentional Futures , where he launched bgC3 's Big History Project , built ties between philanthropy and tech giants , analyzed trends in edtech , advised startups and standards bodies and envisioned the fut ...
One of the worst kept secrets in Australian business is out : Amazon is heading down under . After months of speculation and local retailers working themselves up into a sweat in expectation of the news , Amazon confirmed it overnight with a brief statement . " Amazon Web Services launched an Australian region in 2012 , we launched a Kindle Store on Amazon.com.au in 2013 , and we now have almost 1,000 employees in the country , " it read . " The next step is to bring a retail offering to Australia , and we are making those plans now . We are excited to bring thousands of new jobs to Australia , millions of dollars in additional investment , and to empower small Australian businesses through Amazon Marketplace . " The company expressed optimism that , by focusing on the things it believes customers value most - " low prices , vast selection , and fast delivery " - it will over time earn the business of Australian customers . No details have been revealed around the timing of the launch , though the company is actively looking for warehouse space and searching for a country manager , but of course , it 's already earning solid business from Australian customers . Nielsen research released in February found that Amazon 's US site converts 49 percent of Australian visitors into sales , coming in fourth behind only eBay with 78 percent , The Book Depository at 74 percent , and The Iconic with 53 percent converting . Seventy - five percent of respondents surveyed by Nielsen aged 18 or above also stated they are interested in Amazon Australia , with 56 percent saying they are likely to purchase from its Australian site and 45 percent saying they would pay to become an Amazon Prime member . The products consumers would be most likely to buy from an Australian Amazon site are electronics , books , clothes , shoes , and music , with fresh vegetables and meat towards the bottom of the list . SP Industry analysts predict the effects on local retailers will be significant . SP Credit Suisse predicted last month that retailers such as Myer , Harvey Norman , and JB Hi - Fi will face a " broad - reaching " impact , with the effects on their business models and pricing to be felt within five years of Amazon 's arrival . As The Australian reported , a scenario analysis from Credit Suisse found that if Amazon were to enter the domestic market this year , Myer could lose up to 55 percent of its potential earnings before interest and tax by 2022 compared to a situation where Amazon does n't enter . Harvey Norman 's shares took a hit of 8 percent upon the release of the report . SP However , for some local businesses , Amazon 's arrival represents an exciting opportunity . SP Ivan Lim , cofounder of online furniture retailer Brosa , believes Amazon will help grow online retailing 's slice of the overall shopping pie . SP " We forget that while online retailing is growing rapidly it is still a small percentage of overall retail spend so to have one of the best online retailers entering Australia will really grow acceptance of shopping online . We 're excited because the idea of shopping for furniture online becomes a lot more intuitive when more Australians are doing more of their shop digitally , " he said . Amazon 's launch is also a call to arms to local retailers to ensure they are serving customers as best they can . SP " I think businesses like Brosa that continue to sell their own unique products and brand plus offer a compelling customer experience - great last mile delivery , deep product knowledge , immersive selling experiences - beyond just selling a commoditized product will continue to thrive . That 's where retailers can thrive , " he said . Rob Hango - Zada , cofounder of logistics startup Shippit , agreed that customer experience is key and said Australian retailers understand this , however there are still issues . SP " I think that there is a distinct gap in services offered to SMBs in the Australian market , which puts them at a competitive disadvantage . Higher delivery costs , sourcing , and storage costs also means that the cost base of a small , local player is going to be astronomical compared to Amazon and this is where there is significant opportunity to improve . " Amazon 's Australian launch will be the second of an international online retail giant this year , with Alibaba opening its Australian and New Zealand headquarters in Melbourne in February . Maggie Zhou , heading up the operation , said a physical headquarters for the business locally will help ensure Australian businesses have the necessary support and information they need to grow into China . Jack Ma , Alibaba 's founder and executive chairman , added that the local team will help Australian and New Zealand businesses " share their world - famous products with billions of customers around the world " . " Whether a large company with existing links to China or a mum - and - dad run exporter operating out of a garage , Alibaba Group is here to make it easy to do business anywhere , " he said .
Raising capital is one of the toughest feats for any startups . Trying to network , meet the right people , gain warm introductions , get your pitch deck together , and present it around town takes a ton of energy and time . One company is making it easy for startups heading to SXSW to bypass some of that headache and win $ 50,000 in seed money - but you got ta play a game to get it . London - based Snatch , the augmented reality and geo - location virtual treasure hunt gaming platform with real - life environments and obstacles that allow players to find cash prizes and products from big brands is launching at SXSW . As part of the US launch , one of the biggest prizes they 're offering is specifically for startups headed to the festival , allowing them to " game their way " to their first seed round of capital . The game works like this : players , also known as Snatchers , find parcels around their community that contain real prizes . However , the player will need to defend their parcel through virtual weapons , such as an invisibility cloak or safe house , found within the game . In - app purchases for additional weapons will be available through the game to defend one 's parcel . ( We do n't know at this time exactly how Snatch will work for the investment parcel versus the regular prizes , we will keep you updated as more information becomes available about the contest rules and stipulations as we approach SXSW ) Snatch was founded by Joe Martin , and incubated at the London - based E - Man Labs Startup Studio . Snatch already hit number one on the Apple store and has over 100,000 UK users accessing millions of dollars in prizes each month . The company is also backed by Unilever Ventures for an undisclosed amount and attracted top brands such as Amazon , Pizza Hut , and more , to join in the prizes . Velocity Capital Advisors , a UK - based , consumer technology VC fund founded by BMB Founder Bil Bungay , who are also co - investors in Snatch , are flipping the bill for the $ 50,000 investment parcel . Since the game will launch at SXSW , startups need to preregister on their website here . The app will be ready to download before SXSW , then once the event kicks off , it will be live with parcels containing prizes from big brands around the festival as well as one with the $ 50,000 investment**. Someone just needs to find it . Tech . Co will have more details as the contest rules unfolds and Snatch is live at SXSW Join Tech . Co at our SXSW events , RSVP HERE .
Sydney - based startup Qwilr announced today that it has raised $ 1.5 million in funding from German SaaS - focused venture capital firm , Point Nine . The deal marks the firm 's first investment into an Australian company . The startup joins a portfolio boasting a number of big startup names , including Unbounce , Zendesk , and Typeform . The raise brings the total funding for the startup to a modest $ 2.1 million since launch , with Qwilr having raised $ 500,000 in 2016 and $ 100,000 upon its launch . The startup is a platform that is transforming the way people interact with and create documents . It does this by completely reimagining what documents are , relative to the time we now live in - a digital world . Qwilr makes it easy for users to turn documents that would otherwise look static into web pages that are data rich and interactive . As the Qwilr team describes it , the platform looks something like what you would get if website building application Squarespace and media platform Medium had a baby . The platform also allows users to further bring their documents to life via actions like embedding videos or creating interactive charts and customer surveys , through to performing more specific workflows like sales processes - including accepting proposals , e - signing , and payments . Still key to the platform is the idea of creating " smart documents " via its data tracking and analytics , with Qwilr helping monitor engagement with content by tracking each view and link click to ensure businesses know where they 're going right - or wrong - with proposals and presentations . The funding will go towards new hires to help further expand the platform 's capabilities and its reach . " We are looking for talent ready for a career challenge in a fast paced , collaborative team . Our company is tackling fascinating , complex problems in design to stay ahead of the curve and we are on the hunt for technically - minded , out - of - the - box thinkers to join us , " said Qwilr cofounder Mark Tanner . The platform is now used by over 40,000 businesses across over 80 countries , and in fact , I have heard many positive things about the organisations cashflow and growth - the company is somewhat of a standout investment for the likes of Sydney Seed Fund and Machdoch Ventures . Attracting Point Nine is a testament to what the Qwilr team has achieved in such a short time ; as part of the investment , the firm 's cofounder and managing partner , Christoph Janz is set to join Qwilr 's board . " Over the last 20 years or so , Word , Powerpoint and PDF documents became the new standard , " said Janz . " I ' m pretty sure that in the next 10 years there will be another paradigm shift . We 're confident that Qwilr can play a key role in building the document of the future and we 're thrilled to be partners on that journey " . The company will use the $ 1.5 million from Point Nine to make a series of strategic hires across its design , engineering and marketing teams , to further its international growth and solidify its position as a major player in web document design . SP
One of the biggest challenges we face as entrepreneurs is staying on top of everything . You have to respond to emails , make sure your website works perfectly , organize projects , keep in touch with your network , and avoid getting distracted by social media , cat videos , and tools that only make you less productive . The Internet does not just enable procrastination . It also offers solutions to busy entrepreneurs : there is an abundance of tools and services that were created to help you organize your life and business , so you can focus on doing work that matters . These resources were created by people who know what it 's like to have a to - do list that never seems to end . Many of them can be used for free , so there 's no reason not to give them a try . Trello is a free project management tool that helps you get organized . It shows a board on which you can create lists filled with cards . When you open a card , you can add comments , upload files , create checklists , and more . It is super versatile , so it can be used for many different types of things : to organize a specific project , write an ebook , create an email course , etc . It really helps you to keep a bird 's - eye view on your projects . Google Docs is an essential tool for working on a file with multiple people . Everyone can add or remove text , proofread content , and give comments for others to see . You can also see who else is working on the document and chat with them , so it 's a great tool for teams . It 's also a big help for people who get confused when they have several versions of a work - in - progress . Asana is the ultimate tool for managing your projects more effectively . It works with tasks , projects , conversations , and dashboards . Teamwork has never been easier . You can turn conversations into actionable tasks , provide comments on other people 's actions , and immediately see what progress has been made - all without having to schedule meetings . Dropbox is great for storage and backups . It has a huge amount of awesome plugin apps to improve your experience . Moreover , it provides apps for every device , which means you can access your files from anywhere . Slack is a beautiful chat app is an amazing communication tool for teams and mastermind groups . Its smooth design is by far the nicest you 'll come across . Even though it 's relatively new , it is already very popular . You can create several channels to discuss different topics , or you can have a private conversation . Slack also allows you to share files and to easily find messages , notifications , and files in your archive . Everything is automatically synced on all your devices , and you can easily connect it to other apps , like WordPress or Skype . Start sharing your ideas with peers and get inspired by their questions , suggestions , and expertise . We 're all in this together . Momentum is a homepage replacement app designed to inspire you and keep you focused throughout your work day . When you open your browser , Momentum greets you by name with an inspiring picture and quote . I find Momentum immensely helpful when determining and completing my One Thing every day . Every morning , I tell it what my focus for the day will be . For the rest of the day , it reminds me of my commitment every time I open a new tab . This makes it much easier to stop wasting time on Facebook and the likes . Listening to music really helps me stay focused and productive . Obviously , this is different for everyone , but many people seem to function better with music in the background . Spotify is a great place to find the right music for every moment . You can choose what you want to listen to , or you can let Spotify surprise you . Find out what type of music keeps you focused and alert . It 's great to help you through the early afternoon dip . The 7-Minute Workout is an app that helps you stay fit and focused with short workouts . Each workout consists of 12 exercises of 30 seconds , with 10-second breaks . All you need is a chair and a wall , so this is the perfect workout app in your ( home ) office . If you 're trying to find inspiration , doing a short workout can really help you get there . A short workout will get both the adrenaline and the ideas flowing ! You can temporarily remove messages from your inbox to be reminded of them later . This really helps you focus on the task at hand , without getting distracted by other things on your to - do list . Boomerang archives the email(s ) and brings them back to your inbox at your chosen time . You can also use this app to write an email and send it later . You tell Boomerang when you want the email to be sent , and they take it from there . Moreover , it will remind you if you do n't hear back from someone , so messages wo n't slip through the maze . Take control of your inbox , before it becomes an uncontrollable mess . It can be very frustrating and time - consuming to look for someone 's email address on their ( company 's ) websites . This was a massive problem for me when looking for potential guests for my podcast . Voila Norbert finds the right email addresses , even when they 're not explicitly mentioned on a website . You just have to know the name of your contact person and the domain name of their company . Sidekick is a brilliant email add - on tells developed to tell you whether someone has opened an email you sent . It shows you when , how many times , and from where the recipient has opened your email . This can be very useful when you 're doing a round of cold emailing , trying out a new marketing campaign , or starting a newsletter . Observe people 's behavior and learn from it ! 99 Designs is perfect for finding a logo or landing page that you really love . I used them for the design of my book cover . The process is easy : you fill out a design brief , buy a package , and launch a contest . Designers from all over the world can sign up , create one or more designs , and send them to you . After receiving the results , you can choose the best one and pick the winner . Canva is an online graphic design platform . I often use it to create artwork for my website . No , it 's not a place where you find designers - you 're the designer . It is a simple drag - and - drop design tool with a library of more than 1 million photographs , graphics , and fonts to choose from . It offers free access to a wide assortment of design tools and options . You can create anything from book covers to infographics . Fiverr is a cheap yet effective marketplace ( everything starts at $ 5 ) that offers fast graphic design , translations , SEO enhancement , business cards , and anything else you could need for your business . You can also pay someone to write your message on their belly and do a jungle dance - if that 's what you 're into . It 's the go - to service if you need something done fast . Want to get advice from an expert ? Stop wasting your time browsing blogs . Clarity . FM connects you with a community of experts . You can look for professionals by name or by expertise , depending on the type of advice you 're looking for . Have a personal conversation with an experienced entrepreneur is the ultimate way to get the answers you need . Want to know what Brian Wong or Chris Brogan would do in your situation ? Just ask them ! Typeform is free service you can use to create awesome looking surveys . We all use online forms to get feedback from our readers , listeners , and customers . Unfortunately , boring surveys are likely to be ignored , which makes it harder for you to know if you 're going in the right direction . Typeform 's beautiful , clear , and mobile - friendly surveys can help you get the valuable feedback you need , without extra effort . Are you stuck and do n't know what to do next ? Do you want to control your destiny , do work that matters , and have the freedom to travel ? Hack the Entrepreneur : The Book contains 50 hacks by brilliant entrepreneurs , who have turned their startups into successful businesses . Find out how to get started , deal with failure , and learn from your mistakes . Your business will thank you later . Entrepreneurs typically want to do everything themselves and be in charge of their business . But sometimes that 's easier said than done . In reality , we do n't have enough time to take care of every single aspect of our business on our own . Let these tools and services help you organize your day , on a professional and personal level . Stop wasting time on futile tasks and take control with these simple tools . Allow yourself to see the forest for the trees and do work that really matters . Jon Nastor is the author of Hack the Entrepreneur : How to Stop Procrastinating , Build a Business , and Do Work That Matters . He is also the host of Hack the Entrepreneur on Copyblogger 's Rainmaker . FM podcast ne ...
[ Editor 's note : Spoilers for The Walking dead throughout . ] It 's bleak and we both know it -- the kind of soul - crushing downer that goes way beyond " horror " and into something more existential and emotionally haunting . SP The twists are exciting , sure , but it 's not so much the unexpected that scares us ; it 's the stuff we saw coming ... or ( in retrospect ) the stuff we should have seen coming . There 's happiness from time to time -- bright triumphs of human spirit and social ingenuity -- but if we 're honest , those moments , just like everything else , are short lived . SP According to the Startup Genome Report , the survival rate for startups is a mere 10% . Put more starkly : 90% of all startups die within their first three years . ( Oh , did you think we were talking about something else ? ) SP As Robin Chase , co - founder of Zipcar and Veniam told Foundr Magazine : " Startups are really hard . Every successful one had terrible hurdles and setbacks that they had to overcome . These challenges are the norm and not unique to you and your startup . " SP It 's bloody , sweaty , tear - filled work ... but once you 're hooked , good luck turning away . SP The question is : What do startups have to do with a pop - culture phenomenon like The Walking Dead ? SP Turns out , everything . SP In fact , there are at least four lessons everybody 's favorite post - apocalyptic horror - scape can teach you about surviving as a startup . Here they are in all their unsettling glory . SP Image : SP AMC Rick Grimes ' nightmare -- like most zombieland protagonists -- begins with a wake up . He 's alone , disoriented , and ( as usual ) oily . The world has changed , and not for the good . SP The lesson here is obvious , but many startup founders still ignore it . Whether your niche is B2C , B2B , SaaS , or old - fashioned ecommerce does n't really matter -- the world changes fast . Everyday a new technological evolution emerges : Drones , self - driving cars , holograms , dynamic online personalization , VR , AR , AI , and a host of other acronyms . And that does n't even factor in trends in the wider culture . SP Daniel Marlin from Entrepreneur and the Huffington Post puts it like this : " The same rings true for the changing landscape of start - ups . Consumers evolve , corporate hierarchies adjust and sometimes cease to exist altogether in favour of a more dynamic structure . " SP The best way to stay awake is to combine two approaches . First , take advantage of social - listening and online alert tools to systematize paying attention , both to your industry and pop - culture trends . Barring this automated approach , new developments will inevitably fall through the cracks . SP Second , regardless of your niche , service , or product , do whatever you can to move towards an " agile " workflow . First used in car manufacturing and then applied to technological development , agile prioritizes iterative testing , runs on tight feedback loops that include real users , and puts decision making in the hands of the people who are closest to the problem being solved . SP In truth , these two steps are the only way to ensure you do n't wake up to a future that 's passed you by or one that 's stalking your death . SP Image : SP AMC In a show full of heart - wrenching scenes , few stand out like the death of Lori Grimes . Matricide is a bold move for any plot , but immediately after giving birth ... well , brutal does n't really do it justice . SP And yet , however brutal it may have been , one of the keys to surviving The Walking Dead is to do whatever 's necessary , when it 's necessary , sometimes to even those we hold most dear . The same is true for startups . SP Part of what fuels startups is the belief in an idea . Such belief is crucial when it comes to enduring the inevitable ups and downs that confront all founders . The trouble is that belief -- especially dogmatic , hard - headed , " despite what everyone says I know it 's brilliant " -- has a darkside you might not expect : Love . SP When we come to love our ideas themselves , not the solutions they aim to offer , we become blind . We lost sight of what really matters : not products , not promotions , not methods ... outcomes . In his 1913 - 1914 Cambridge lectures , " On the Art of Writing , " Arthur Quiller - Couch was the first to coin the phrase " murder your darlings , " and Stephen King took it one step further , " Kill your darlings , kill your darlings , even when it breaks your egocentric little scribbler 's heart , kill your darlings . " SP As hard as it is to watch on the small screen , following that advice is even more difficult in the real world . Brittany Berger -- head of content and PR at Mention -- offers this advice as an antidote : " You need to remember that you do not matter . Separating myself from my work has been key in helping me make decisions based on business instead of emotion . " SP Case in point , one of Brittany 's darlings was Mention 's weekly Twitter chat . As a social media startup , that makes perfect sense . The only problem was , it did n't deliver any bottomline results . Popularity can fuel our egos -- and certainly has a role to play in marketing and PR -- but if it does n't deliver , it 's time to break out the machete . SP 37Signals ' founder Jason Fried nails this fundamental principle : " Start getting into the habit of saying no -- even to many of your best ideas . Use the power of no to get your priorities straight . You rarely regret saying no . But you often wind up regretting saying yes . " SP In other words , be ruthless with the ideas you love . The more you love them , the more dangerous they can become . SP Image : SP AMC As disturbing as Carl Grimes 's matricide was , Season 7 's premiere -- " The Day Will Come When You Wo n't Be " -- took it to a whole new level . After the long - awaited arrival of Negan , Abraham 's folksie , profanity - laced wisdom was the first to fall victim to " Lucielle . " SP Bad situation ? Yes . But does it gets worse ? Indeed . SP In a fit of justified outrage , everybody 's favorite unfortunate son , Daryl Dixon , rises up . He ca n't help himself , and we get it . Unfortunately all the righteous indignation in the world wo n't help when you 're outnumbered and outgunned . Driven back to the gravel , we wait for the hammer -- or , more accurately , the bat -- to drop . SP However , in lieu of Daryl , Glenn is the second to go ( complete with some serious eye - bulging and character - breaking guilt for Daryl ) . SP The lesson ? No matter how bad a situation is , our tempers , resentments , fears , and especially our mouths can always make it far worse . What 's more , the stress levels inherent to startups makes this an even more pressing concern . SP Lively discussion is one thing . And fostering a culture of disagreement is essential . But those two ingredients only take shape in the shadow of another : Safety . Combining two unlikely sources -- the first cast of Saturday Night Live and Google -- Charles Duhigg calls attention to the crying need of safety in successful organizations : " [ M]ost important , teams need psychological safety . To create psychological safety ... team leaders needed to model the right behaviors . " SP These behaviors include deceptively subtle habits like not interrupting team members , ensuring everyone has equal time to participate , and -- especially -- calling out intergroup conflicts and resolving them through " open discussion . " Notice that each is about what leaders do n't say , biting their tongues and pushing back against their own knee - jerk reactions . SP It 's obvious you do n't want to be a Negan - style leader , but the Daryl 's inside all of us are far more likely to make things go from bad to worse within a startup . SP Image : SP AMC While the previous lessons all come from some specific high points in The Walking Dead , we could easily locate this one in every episode ever . Dodging zombies might get you out a sticky situation now and then , but finding food , fire , shelter , weapons , medicine , and transportation is not a single player sport . And that does n't even include the threat that comes from other people . SP Simply put : If you go in alone ... you 're not coming out . SP As with zombies , so with startups . Launching a successful product or service is just the first fight . You also have to develop sales , marketing , and public relations as well as run bookkeeping , accounting and finance . There 's funding , operations , hiring and firing , building and then maintaining QA on a website , customer service , and -- most daunting -- scaling . The list goes on and on and on . SP In the words of Leonard Kim , one of Inc. Magazines top digital and youth marketers : " If you 're thinking of doing a startup yourself , then you have absolutely no clue what you 're in store for . I ' ve spent most my adult life doing startups and and if I can admit I do n't know how to do so many of these things , then it 's okay for you to do the same . " SP Admitting our ignorance does n't just apply to teams , it also applies to partners . After getting burnt early on in his career by a bad choice , Mashable contributor Josh Steimle took a hardline and decided to go it alone in his own agency . As he explains : " I struggled for the next 10 years , never really getting anywhere . Finally , in 2013 I relented and brought in a partner . A year later revenue was three times larger than it had ever been before because I invested in the right person that excelled where I could n't . " SP Of course , at the end of the day , you want your startup to do more than just outlast the 90% who do n't make it . You also want to thrive . How ? By paying close attention to what might at first appear to be an unlikely source : The Walking Dead . First , stay awake to trends and innovations . Second , say no even to your most - loved ideas . Third , cultivate safety instead of making bad situations worse . And fourth , surround yourself with people who can address your own weakness . SP There 's no denying it 's bloody , sweaty , tear - filled work . Robin Chase was right : " Challenges are the norm . " But if Maggie Rhee can bring new life into an all but dead world ... so can you . SP Aaron Orendorff is the founder of iconiContent and a regular contributor at Entrepreneur , Lifehacker , Fast Company , Business Insider and more . Connect with him about content marketing ( and bunnies ) on Facebook or Twitter . SP
Knotel announced today that it has raised $ 25 million in Series A funding . Founded in 2015 , the company offers what co - founder and CEO Amol Sarva described as " headquarters as a service " -- a flexible office space that can be customized for each tenant while also growing or shrinking as needed . This might sound like it 's addressing the same need as WeWork and other coworking spaces , but Sarva ( who was previously co - founder at Virgin Mobile ) argued that Knotel is " not coworking . " It 's not just a way to rent out a few desks , but rather to build your company 's office without the risks of a long - term lease . " It 's a culture - coded environment -- it 's your spot , " Sarva said . This should appeal to startups , where headcount might double or triple one year , and then drop again the next . ( I ' ve certainly visited startups that were clearly trying to squeeze way too many people into their office , and others who 'd leased way more space than they needed and tried to fill things up by renting to others ) . " Why would you waste your [ venture capital ] on real estate ? " Sarva said . " A lease is like buying . At Knotel , you do n't buy anything -- everything is a service . " At the same time , Sarva also said the spaces have attracted non - tech tenants , including " media companies , television , finance , regular businesses . " SP Related Articles Bulletin offers a flexible approach to shared retail space Microsoft brings back the traveling salesman with new WeWork partnership Industrious co - working space startup lands $ 37 million Series B SP Knotel 's Series A comes from investors including Invest AG , Bloomberg Beta , 500 Startups , Rocket Internet and various angel investors . Sarva said the money will allow the company to add 40 locations over the next year to the 10 it already operates in New York City . Sarva said New York remains Knotel 's immediate focus , but " we 'll definitely be in other cities . " By the way , given all of Sarva 's warnings about the risks of traditional real estate , it 's worth noting that Knotel is n't buying up a lot of property itself . Instead , it 's running a " managed marketplace " to connect tenants and property owners . Sarva said he tells the owners , " Let us run this place , we 'll give you most of [ the earnings ] and we 'll keep a margin . If times are bad and the place is a little empty , that 's cool -- we both stay in business . "
Kind of harsh , I know . Can I be painfully honest with you for a moment ? Not " oh my , you have toilet paper stuck to the bottom of your shoe " honest . SP No , the type of honesty that will hit you in the bottom of your stomach faster than a Taco Bell three alarm burrito type of honesty . It 's rough . SP It 's real ugly . It can be unexpected . And I am going to guarantee that you will not like it . The fact is most people around you have been holding off on telling you this for months . Your closest friend and business partner have been hoping someone else would tell you this . SP No one has yet . SP With the utmost respect to you and them , I want to tell you the truth . I am gon na just let it fly . You know how you ' ve been struggling to market your startup ? Tried everything , and it 's just not working right ? SP You followed a gurus advice that led you nowhere except a few thousand dollars light in the pocket . Well , it 's not because you haven't found the right startup marketing strategy . It 's not because you need to change your branding . It 's not because the rank brain at Google has it out for you and placed you on the naughty list for those last search history items they saw . It 's because you have not followed a few basic principles . If you ever want a chance to be successful with your tech startup , you better pay attention . You have come this far , so walk with me a little further . You will be glad you did . Do you think Warren Buffet is on Facebook all day looking at those cat videos ? SP Or has he created a group that has a members only section so you can go there to ask questions ? I realized that one of the most common causes of failure in the startup world is that entrepreneurs are too optimistic about how easy it will be to acquire customers . This is huge . This is the 1000-lb . gorilla in the room . SP You need an audience and you need revenue like you need oxygen . So many time I see entrepreneurs with a great idea and start the process only to realize they have zero money to market their product or service . It is required to get off the ground . You ca n't wish your way to success . If you can master these few things above , you are already ahead of 80 percent of the tech startups in the marketplace today .
It 's hard to get too worked up about unequal voting rights , which are seen by public market investors as giving founders too much control , while viewed by founders as necessary to protect their companies from short - term shareholders . The reality is that only a minority of companies can command these terms , most famously Google , Facebook , Groupon and now Snap . The majority of other startups have far less leverage . Still , the controversial structure seems to be growing more common . According to Dealogic , 27 of 174 U.S. IPOs in 2015 featured a dual - class structure . In 2014 , 36 IPOs used the structure out of a total of 292 U.S. IPOs . Why it matters : Research published last year by Institutional Shareholder Services suggests that companies with unequal voting rights underperform non - controlled companies over a one - year , five - year and 10-year period . Now Snap has taken the structure to an unprecedented extreme , even writing in its IPO paperwork that , " to our knowledge , no other company has completed an initial public offering of non - voting stock on a U.S. stock exchange . " It 's too soon to know how Snap will fare . While its shares soared 44 percent on the day of its IPO last Thursday , they ' ve since fallen about 16 percent , helped along by a growing chorus of skeptical analysts . The trend has some worried , though , including SEC Commissioner Kara Stein , who publicly raised questions yesterday about the rights of investors , and who suggested the SEC " focus on how some innovations may prove detrimental to investors . " One alternative the SEC might discuss is tenured voting , a structure that was lightly used decades ago , halted by regulators in the 1980s , and of growing interest again to a small number of Silicon Valley denizens who argue it 's a lot better than what tech companies have come up with . It works much like you 'd guess based on the word " tenure . " The longer an investor hangs on to his or her shares , the more voting control he or she amasses . The idea is to protect founders from activist investors , while also giving public market shareholders some say . It 's immediately easy to see the appeal . Carl Bass long served as Autodesk 's CEO and had to wrestle with activist investors last year . Somewhat unsurprisingly , he told us recently that he 'd " like to see tenured voting , where there 's a premium based on how long you own the shares . " It makes sense to Bass that " one person who has owned a million shares for one year has less voting power than another person who has owned a million shares for two years . " Managing partner Scott Kupor of Andreessen Horowitz is also a fan of the idea , saying that as " part of broader capital markets reform to better align the long - term interests of shareholders and management teams , tenure - based voting would be far more amenable as a solution than the more blunt - force application of dual stock . " The challenge , says Steven Davidoff Solomon , a professor at the UC Berkeley School of Law , is that " it takes time and you need a first mover . " While the structure would " motivate institutional shareholders by rewarding them , " tech companies can " be lemmings , " says Solomon . Just like Google opened the " floodgates " for dual - class voting structures , he notes , another breakout company would need to set the direction with tenured voting . One of their biggest tasks would be to convince underwriters of its merits . Roadshow presentations last 30 minutes , and bankers do n't want to spend that time explaining what tenured voting means , says venture capitalist Greg Gretsch of Jackson Square Ventures . In fact , generally speaking , he says , " Bankers do n't want to bring anything to market that looks different because anything new -- any strings attached -- makes things harder to sell . " Another gating factor , says Wilson Sonsini attorney David Berger , are U.S. stock exchanges , which determined in the 1980s that tenured voting was unnecessarily complicated and hard to track and do n't currently allow companies to feature the structure unless already a provision in their respective charter . Berger says the exchanges can be " flexible in their interpretation " ( he has apparently asked ) , but he thinks it 's a shame that they haven't been pushed harder by the investor community . While institutional investors like to complain about unequal voting rights , he suggests they repeatedly allow themselves to be taken advantage of . " The only reason [ certain companies ] get away with [ unequal voting rights ] is they 're the exceptional companies that everyone wants a piece of , " say Berger . While institutional investors " will say this is a bad thing from a governance perspective -- and it is -- they still feel like they need to own these companies to move the needle , " he adds . Indeed , the broader institutional thinking seems to be that it 's better not to rock the boat . As a portfolio manager from California 's state teacher retirement system -- which opposes tenured voting -- SP told NPR last summer , " A shareholder 's a shareholder 's a shareholder . . . It 's very dangerous territory when you start treating investors differently . " No wonder that , like Solomon , Berger thinks it will take a pioneering company with the sizzle of Snap to get the ball rolling if we 're going to see this shift . Considering that breakout successes are n't so easy to come by , that could take some time . " I ' m sure there are a lot of other IPOs where the founders say , ' I want to control the shares , ' " says Gretsch . " I ' m guessing that nine times out of ten , bankers will tell them , ' You 're barking up the wrong tree . ' "
Each week we 're introducing you to some great job opportunities in the startup space . This is your chance to join one of Europe 's most promising startups . Check out our job board in order to get a complete overview on the open postitions there . And here are the startup jobs of the week : Fraugster is a German - Israeli payment security company with the goal of eliminating fraud and increasing its customers ' profits . They invented an artificial intelligence technology that combines human - like accuracy with machine scalability . Join them now as Head of Engineering and you 'll be in charge of the most pivotal department in the company . swipx.com promotes digitization of the society by providing a platform where buyers and sellers of software and SaaS meet . There are currently about 5,000 software solutions to be found easily on swipx platform with just a few clicks . The young company is headquartered in Copenhagen and currently seeks to hire a Helsinki - based Country Manager for Finland . Abroadwith is the first online marketplace for language travel . The goal of the Berlin - based startups is to help shape a more multicultural , connected and open world . By becoming an Abroadwith Ambassador , you can be part of a diverse community of language learners . Raisin is one of the fastest - growing FinTech startups in Europe . Under the brands WeltSparen and Raisin , the Berlin - based company offers an online marketplace for deposit products of partner banks in the European Economic Area since 2013 . Join the promising startup now as SEO Manager . By the way : If you 're a startup CEO and also looking for some rockstar employees for your company , make sure to publish a job opening with us now . While basic job ads are free , a premium job ad ( for just EUR69 ) provides you with the following advantages :
Silk Ventures , a venture capital firm headquartered in London , with additional hubs in Menlo Park , Beijing , and Shenzen , has closed its inaugural investment fund at $ 500 million , targeting later - stage technology companies looking to expand into China . With a specific focus on so - called " scale - up " firms from the U.S. and Europe , Silk Ventures announced the fund at China 's two - day One Belt , One Road ( OBOR ) event in Beijing , an occasion that brings dozens of state - leaders from around the world together . Founded in 2015 with backing from the Chinese government , Silk Ventures has so far operated as an accelerator of sorts , working on a number of initiatives both to help Chinese companies internationalize and startups from elsewhere enter China . The first fund will focus specifically on Series A - level startups looking to target the Chinese market , covering artificial intelligence ( AI ) , internet of things ( IoT ) , fintech , robotics , medical tech , and more . The investment pot is half funded by Chinese state - owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission ( SASAC ) Shenzhen , while the remainder comes from " a group of confidential strategic corporations , " according to a statement issued by Silk Ventures , though the names are expected to be revealed in July . The VC firm has yet to conclude any investments form its first fund , a spokesperson told VentureBeat , but it does expect to announce its first deals in July too . Angelica Anton , founding partner of SILK Ventures , said : We are proud to announce our first fund which will enable us to invest into some of the world 's most promising scaling businesses and technologies . We are the only venture fund in the world doing what we are doing . We are globally aligned with expert partners in the U.S. , Europe and Asia to work with China at the highest levels to ensure that our portfolio companies are not only well - funded , but have the best chance of success in the Asian market . Silk Ventures was built to change the way Chinese capital marries Western technologies , and we pride ourselves on the cultural and operational know - how within our expanding team . Silk Ventures emerged as the European HQ for Shenzhen 's Department of Trade and Investment , which partnered with Silk Ventures to open their office in Canary Wharf in London . And this tight tie - up gives a clue as to how closely China 's government will be working with Silk Ventures -- it will be providing the " support and funding needed by promising technology companies to expand into the Chinese market , " according to a statement . A number of other funds have come to the fore in recent times , designed to create close links between China and western markets . Last year , Chinese investment firm Cocoon Networks launched a $ 715 million fund aimed at helping European startups grow in China , while IDG Capital Partners , the China - focused incarnation of San Francisco VC company IDG Ventures , launched a gargantuan $ 1 billion fund in conjunction with Silicon Valley VC firm Breyer Capital . Ultimately , any company looking to enter China faces significant regulatory hurdles , so it helps to have the local networks and partners on board to begin with . Silk Ventures ' main selling point to European and U.S. scale - ups is that it will be working directly with official Chinese local government departments , which should go some way toward easing the path to entering what should prove to be a lucrative market .
Fintech remittance startup Mama Money , has announced aggressive expansion plans into Mozambique , Malawi , and Kenya by April . It has already expanded into Nigeria , Ghana , and Tanzania . The company started off as a money transfer service from SA to Zimbabwe , but has since expanded to include 650 Mama Money agents and 32 000 cash points for consumers to utilise . " In Zimbabwe , through Mama Money 's integration with financial institutions , we are reaching six million mobile wallets and two million bank accounts , " says co - founder of Mama Money , Raphael Grojnowski , in a press release to Ventureburn . It has partnered with entities in different countries , such as 25 of the largest banks and mobile wallet VKash in Nigeria , MTN Mobile Money in Ghana , and EzyPesa in Tanzania , amoung others . In SA , the company is registered with the South African Reserve Bank , which allows users to use the service without a bank account or ID . " Our platform , software and service solutions are developed for African and emerging economies where the rise and growth of mobile money is coupled with increasing demand for affordable legal money transfer . " Mama Money has developed a sophisticated platform capable of processing money transfers reliably and securely . " It also recently launched an " Android family app " for senders in SA . According to Grojnowski , Mama Money 's transfer fees are " dramatically less than the industry average of 12% " with a maximum of 5% . The company uses a sliding scale when determining fee rate . Speaking about Mama Money , RMI 's senior investment executive and head of AlphaCode , Dominique Collett , says : " MamaMoney 's rapid expansion is testament to its ability to service a fundamental need of migrant workers in South Africa . " This fintech startup is making significant strides in the area of financial inclusion by lowering the costs of financial services . It has a real impact on real people 's lives . "
The FinTech Academy Africa , a joint initiative by FinTech Circle and Cape Innovation and Technology Initiative ( CiTi ) , is set to launch in SA on 24 and 25 April , in Johannesburg . The academy is geared toward CEOs and the like who have a limited amount of time on their hands , but who still would like a deeper understanding of best practices in fintech . The two - day curriculum has been designed to deliver a comprehensive understanding of important areas surrounding fintech in a short amount of time . CEO of CiTi , Ian Merrington commented on the joint effort in a press release to Ventureburn . " Board directors and Executive Committee members are increasingly being called upon to make far - reaching strategic business decisions in areas affected by rapidly developing disruptive technology . The curriculum of the FinTech Academy has been specifically developed to fast - track their knowledge , support decision making and also to future - proof their careers . " The FinTech Academy will aim to utilise international expertise to help participating entrepreneurs create innovative trends which can be applied to South Africa and Africa as a whole . " We have taken particular care to adapt the curriculum to be of relevance to executives who are based in Africa . South Africa and the rest of the continent present a number of unique and exciting opportunities for the use of FinTech , particularly in areas of FinTech convergence , " said the CEO and co - founder of FinTech Circle , Nicole Anderson . The curriculum which Anderson refers to will be based on an international bestseller , The FinTech Book which was co - authored by the chairman and co - founder of Fintech Circle , Susanne Chishti . " We have seen enormous interest in the Academy in Europe and we are delighted to be in a position to enable this knowledge transfer to the African Continent . We envisage running at least two Masterclass sessions per year , in South Africa , " said Chishti . Those wanting a ticket can click here . Startups or small business with less than 40 employees will qualify for the discounted Startup Ticket . Featured image : Liam Matthews via Flickr SP
Do recruiting " hacks " work ? Can you get a big company 's attention through wacky ( or not so wacky ) antics ? One man , John Washam , tried and his story is , at the very least , interesting . Washam wrote about his quest to work for Google on his blog , Googley As Heck . He posted his educational milestones on his way to learning software engineering with the explicit goal of working at Google . In the end , he posted a disappointing message : he did n't get a callback . The question , then , is whether tricks like Washam 's work ? I asked him . TC : Who are you and what did you do ? John Washam : I ' m John Washam , a self - taught web developer of 16 years . I ' ve been studying computer science and software engineering full - time for over 8 months . I run 2 web - based businesses that take very little of my time , thanks to automation . So this afforded me the opportunity to level up my skills . I ' ve always worked on the web , and even though I had years of experience , I was n't qualified to work in many software areas . There were numerous jobs unavailable to me due to lack of computer science knowledge . I was an Economics major . I set an audacious goal for myself - to get hired as a Google software engineer . TC : Why ? JW : I needed something that would get me to keep cracking open the books and writing code on the whiteboard every day , even though it was terribly intimidating and sometimes sleep - inducing . Over time , the fear and tedium subsided , and it became super - easy and a lot of fun . Knowledge conquers fear . I wanted to go deep in learning all of it , but there just was n't enough time in the day . I had to move on to the next topic to stay on schedule . BC really meshed well with me wanting to grow my skills and go from web developer to software engineer . Their culture mimics an academic environment and merits provability and data over opinion . The more I got into computer science topics , the more this appealed to me . And the more I learned about Google , the more interested I became . Google gets something like 2 million resumes a year , and even though I had a referral lined up , I wanted to make sure I would stand out in some way . I started posting my study progress on a new blog , Googley as Heck . I ' m a web dev , so throwing a blog up is pretty trivial . My hope was that someone at Google would take notice . Every couple of days I would write a post about the cool thing I was learning that day . That was super enjoyable . Programmers like to show off their skills . To organize my studies I made a to - do list of study topics based on Google 's candidate coaching notes , and augmented it with even more CS topics as I learned more and branched out . I had a rather empty Github profile , so I put the to - do list on Github to start making a decent commit history for myself . One day in October , after the to - do list was about 1600 lines long , it went viral . Now it 's # 27 , at over 33,000 stars , and my Github profile looks much better now . My little to - do list is being translated into 13 languages . There are many wonderful people contributing to the project now . TC : Did you really think Google would notice ? Why ? JW : I thought it was worth a shot . BC looks for " Googleyness " in candidates , so I wanted to be the definition of Googley . I ' ve launched a few startups . I treated this endeavor as I would a startup : build something great ( my education ) , promote it like crazy ( went viral on Medium , Hacker News , and Reddit ) , and go IPO or get acquired ( hired ) before you run out of money . Promoting a startup is something I usually do rather well , especially when the startup is mine . This time was no different . The week before I applied to Google , I posted an article on Medium that ended up being read over 100,000 times and recommended 4,000 times . I received an overwhelming amount of support and encouragement from readers , thanks to Quincy Larson , who posted the article on the FreeCodeCamp community on Medium . Quincy is a phenomenal person . TC : What was the real goal here ? JW : Keep in mind that Google was merely a motivator , not the reason for all my efforts . Sure , working at BC would be amazing , but the reason was to become a software engineer . I wanted to move beyond web development and open the doors to new opportunities in other areas of software development . I wanted to build the technologies I ' ve used and depended on all these years : databases , servers , operating systems , and more . There 's a whole world of software engineering beyond the web browser . TC : Did you succeed ? What happened in the interview ? JW : I applied through a referral for a software engineer position . Last week I received a rejection email from the recruiter , and at first , I thought it was a mistake , and laughed it off . I checked in with my referral and he inquired into it and lobbied on my behalf , but in the end , it did n't change the situation . I never received a reason for the rejection . My referral could n't find out either . It was pretty disappointing . The thing that bothered me is that I did n't even get a phone screen . I did n't even talk to a recruiter over the phone . After all that work and enthusiasm , I did n't even get a chance to prove myself . If it was due to my lack of experience , I definitely have more experience than a fresh college grad . Google hires people right out of college and I was n't expecting to come in the same as a 16-year veteran of the industry . I was only claiming 2 - 3 years experience . I have to respect the recruiter 's decision , even if I do n't agree with it . They know their job better than I do . Recruiters look at hundreds of resumes every day , and they are highly tuned to detecting quality candidates and rejecting those who do n't match up with their model . For some reason , I just did n't fit the profile . They probably are doing me a favor . It 's possible that I would have been in over my head and continually dragged my team down . Google is known for having false negatives in their selection process , but if you 're good enough for Google , you 'll eventually get in . I still like Google , however , I do n't know if I 'll apply again in the future . I want to get hired and stay at a company for a long time . I do n't want to hop around . The company that ends up hiring me will get a loyal , hardworking , enthusiastic employee . There are a lot of other places where I can strive for greatness and have that effort rewarded . Google served its purpose to motivate me - now some other company will enjoy the benefits of that motivation . TC : Do you think Google got scared of your l33 t p0werz ? JWL : I do n't think my knowledge caused anyone to tremble in fear . I doubt my knowledge is intimidating . It 's the exact same set of topics they expect candidates to know or study to prepare . I ' ve done a lot of speculation about the reason why the decided to pass , but I wo n't do that here . It 's all just guessing , which accomplishes nothing . TC : What 's next ? Where else are you looking for work ? In the end , I got what I wanted , which was my missing knowledge of computer science and " close to the metal " software engineering . I ' m no longer afraid of linked lists or balanced binary search trees . I love them very much now . The things I find fascinating now are the same things an engineer with years of experience would find boring . It 's all new and exciting to me . I ' ve gone past software engineering and studied machine learning , too . It 's all fantastic . Well , I put all this effort into starting a new career as a software engineer . I ' m looking at companies around the Seattle area , mainly larger companies , where they can afford to take in an enthusiastic and " experienced yet green " software engineer and give me the time to get up to speed . I want to work with a professional team and write great software , including testing , debugging and profiling . I ' m looking to construct quality software . I ' m looking for an environment where a smart , hard - working , and knowledgeable software craftsman ( in training ) can thrive , grow , and learn . I will make mistakes , but will always work hard to keep from being a burden on my team . I wo n't bring my ego to work . I 'll accept when I ' m wrong and take the blame when I goof up . To potential employers , bring me hard problems . I can learn anything . If you need me to become the in - house expert on OS internals , geometry algorithms , compiler construction , cryptography , machine learning , or Intel x86 instructions , then I will . Anyway , back to studying . I ' ve got coding problems to do .
( Reuters ) -- A U.S. judge on Thursday called for an investigation into allegations of trade secret theft that were raised in a court battle between Silicon Valley giants Uber and Alphabet over their rival self - driving car programs . U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco also partially granted Alphabet 's self - driving Waymo unit 's bid for an injunction against Uber 's self - driving efforts , and rejected Uber 's arguments that Waymo 's trade secret allegations should proceed in private arbitration . The rulings are a setback for Uber as it tries to gain an advantage in litigation with serious strategic and financial consequences in the nascent field of autonomous technology . The ride services company failed to remove the ongoing case from public view and now faces the prospect of getting caught up in a fresh criminal probe . The acrimonious trade secrets battle could determine the future of Uber 's self - driving car operations and the strength of Waymo 's toehold in the sector . Alsup filed his injunction opinion temporarily under seal , so its scope and details could not immediately be learned . The case hinges on over 14,000 confidential files that Waymo , formerly Google 's self - driving car program , alleges were stolen by former Waymo employee Anthony Levandowski before he left the company . Levandowski , who is not a defendant in the civil case , subsequently co - founded self - driving truck start - up Otto that was acquired months later by Uber . Waymo claims the stolen information made its way into Uber 's Lidar system , a sensor that uses light pulses to " see " the environment . It alleges the documents allowed Uber to fast - track its own technology and avoid years of costly research . In referring the case to the U.S. Department of Justice for investigation of possible trade secret theft , Alsup said he took " no position " on whether a criminal prosecution was warranted . In his arbitration ruling , however , the judge noted the record contained " ample evidence " that Levandowski breached his duty of loyalty to Waymo . Uber declined to comment on Alsup 's request for a separate criminal investigation into the theft allegations . In a statement the company said " we remain confident in our case and welcome the chance to talk about our independently developed technology . " Uber has not denied that Levandowski took Waymo 's documents , but says they never made their way to Uber , nor into its own designs . Representatives for the Justice Department could not immediately be reached for comment , nor could attorneys for Levandowski . The engineer has not commented publicly on the allegations . Reuters reported last week that the Justice Department had begun a separate criminal investigation into Uber 's use of a software tool that helped its drivers evade local transportation regulators . In a statement , Waymo said Uber 's bid to have the civil case heard in private by an arbitrator , not a jury , was a " desperate " attempt to avoid the court 's jurisdiction . Unlike court proceedings , which are largely conducted in public , arbitrations take place behind closed doors . Because Levandowski was not a defendant in the case , Uber could not use his arbitration agreement with Waymo to force the trade secret claims into a private forum , Alsup wrote . The Alphabet unit asked Alsup to issue an injunction preventing Uber from using Waymo 's trade secrets , and Levandowski from working on Lidar . Complicating Uber 's task is the fact that Levandowski has invoked his constitutional right against self - incrimination and has refused to testify . Alsup wrote that Levandowski 's position " has obstructed and continues to obstruct both discovery and defendants ' ability to construct a complete narrative as to the fate of Waymo 's purloined files . " Uber had already announced that Levandowski would step aside from working on Lidar while the case was being litigated , and said the company would agree to a court injunction that formalized that arrangement . However , Waymo sought a broader injunction that would prevent Uber from using a series of its trade secrets . ( Reporting by Dan Levine ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
Headquartered in Pittsburgh , PA , the new institute is made up of governments , industry , academia , and non - profit organizations from across the country . Combined they have contributed $ 173 million that will be fused with $ 80 million in federal funding . The new ARM institute , part of the Manufacturing USA network , is dedicated to help revitalize American manufacturing . The ARM Institute 's mission is to create and then deploy robotic technology by integrating the diverse collection of industry practices and institutional knowledge across many disciplines - sensor technologies , end - effector development , software and artificial intelligence , materials science , human and machine behavior modeling , and quality assurance - to realize the promises of a robust manufacturing innovation ecosystem . Technologies ripe for significant evolution within the ARM Institute include , but are not limited to , collaborative robotics , robot control ( learning , adaptation , and repurposing ) , dexterous manipulation , autonomous navigation and mobility , perception and sensing , and testing , verification , and validation . The ARM Institute joins the Manufacturing USA institute network , a program with industry , academia , and government participants who co - invest in the development of cutting edge manufacturing technologies and capabilities . It is patterned after the Fraunhofer Institute which has 67 institutes and research units located throughout Germany providing focused research on future scientific progress and economic development . SP Each of the 14 new Manufacturing USA institutes focus on a technology area critical to future competitiveness and include advanced tissue biofabrication , advanced functional fabrics , photonics , digital manufacturing and design , advanced composites , flexible hybrid electronics , biopharmaceuticals , advanced semiconductor components , molecular level technologies , smart manufacturing and an accelerator . SP The federal government has committed over $ 1 billion , matched by over $ 2 billion in non - federal investment , across the Manufacturing USA network . SP ARM will be led by a newly established national nonprofit called American Robotics ( not to be confused with a Boston agricultural startup with the same name ) , which was founded by Carnegie Mellon University and includes a national network of 231 stakeholders from industry , academia , local governments and nonprofits . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
In this ' tap - and - go ' era , where access to the speed and simplicity of PayPass and cardless transactions is an expectation , seeing or hearing the phrase ' cash only ' in a store or cafe is enough to get one annoyed . There is , however , a challenge with the tap - and - go model , whereby creating a budget and sticking to it is n't always straightforward . There 's no ' physical ' limit to how much is in your wallet and it only takes a second to spend a little extra , meaning we 're more likely tack on that not - so - necessary side of chips at the end of food orders . To help people budget their earnings and encourage them to save , Sydney startup Carrott has developed an active cash management app which focuses on educating users about how to make the most of their bank account funds . The app identifies any ' lazy cash ' lying around in a bank account before prompting users to transfer funds to a savings account . Carrott will also analyse an account to identify how close a user is to their daily spending budget , and will inform them if they 're close to reaching their cap . Carrott founder Christian Raftery said the app 's aim to help improve a user 's " personal financial wellness " emerged from his own budgeting struggles . " I was charged overdrawing fees on my account because of a large direct debit which was conducted three days early , " Raftery recounted . " Additionally , during my time working in a retail banking , I noticed this recurring problem where more and more young people would deposit their salary into their transactions account , without a savings plan . So with no savings plan and only a couple thousand dollars in their transactional account , they were n't earning any interest . " With these experiences in mind , Raftery said he began imagining a way to solve the issue during a brainstorming session for the 2016 Innovation Competition hosted by IBISWorld and the University of Technology Sydney . Through Carrott 's informative push - notification functionality , Raftery seeks to promote financial literacy and get users understanding more about their money and how it can work for them . SP " In Australia , the majority of personal financial education is conducted by the big banks in primary schools , and people usually only seek further information when brought on by a special event , such as buying a property , getting married or having a baby , " said Raftery . " Carrott 's tagline is ' Stop Lazy Cash ' , a meaning that goes deeper than the physical cash , and is about empowering an individual to become more financially literate . " To Raftery , " lazy cash " means any funds in a consumer 's transactional bank account that remain unused after their core expenses . The founder added that lazy cash is something that exists more nowadays , thanks to the nature of modern spending . " In the tap - and - go generation consumers make purchases on their debit card , so therefore they make payment deposits directly to this transactional account , meaning lazy cash is more likely to sit around , " Raftery said . " As a result , more and more banks say clients are n't saving on a regular basis , nor utilising these funds effectively in general . " Once on the app , users are able to connect their bank data to the platform as captured by a third - party provider , which Raftery said currently supports most of Australia 's banks . Users then input a budget amount for themselves , so the platform can notify them they 're close to their spending limit , while Carrott 's algorithm crunches an account 's data to detect if any lazy cash exists . SP " The API refreshes the bank data and then runs it against three user driven rules , daily budget , lower threshold , and upper threshold , better known as the lazy cash limit . Depending on the results , the user may receive a notification on their device to suggest action be taken , " explained Raftery . Both downloading and using Carrott comes free to users ; Raftery said the service is free to further its educational purpose , while also serving as a " cashless demonstration " for a future project to potential investors . Within the pipeline of projects for the startup is another app , currently dubbed ' Project Savannah ' , which Raftery explained will allow users to the opportunity to invest their lazy cash once it 's been identified . To support the startup 's development of a new paid model , Raftery said the business has recently begun raising its first round of seed funding .
The Swiss Post plans to increasingly invest directly in startups relevant to its operations . In order to do so , it recently entered into a cooperation with investiere.ch . The obvious goal is to invest in startups which fit well with Swiss Post 's strategic business development areas and offer potential for Swiss Post 's core competencies to make a key contribution to their future success . Through targeted investments , Swiss Post also wants to participate in technological development in an effort to counter the displacement of logistics companies by technology companies . Swiss Post is particularly interested in startups in the following sectors : e - commerce , mobility , digital financial services , digital trust ( e - post ) , cross - channel communication , business process outsourcing , and sales and solutions for major business customers . In return for an investment , Swiss Post requires only a minority interest . This allows the startups to continue to develop with agility in the market . This corporate venture capital initiative is long - term in nature and enjoys the full support of the company 's leadership team . When selecting and assessing the startups , Swiss Post works with investiere.ch , a venture capital specialist , provider of an investment platform , and one of the most active startup investors in Switzerland . As part of the collaboration , Swiss Post has already made an initial investment in a robotics startup . Founded more than 160 years ago , the Swiss Post has long relied on the innovation of more than 61,000 employees in - house and conducted innovative projects with startups . In light of the challenges posed by digital transformation , Swiss Post is now additionally strengthening its capacity for innovation with targeted investments in startups . investiere.ch is one of the leading online startup investment platforms in Europe . The investiere community , which currently counts 10,000 members , independently identifies the most promising startups , which are then carefully vetted and selected by industry experts and the investiere team . To date , investiere.ch has successfully concluded more than 50 rounds of financing . investiere.ch was launched in 2010 and has offices in Baar , Zurich and Geneva .
At my firm , Wing , we recently completed a research report looking at the young companies pioneering AI - powered " data - first " applications , and there is a lot of important activity happening in this space . Collectively , these startups have raised $ 1.8 billion of venture capital to pursue their goal of disrupting the $ 150 billion - plus market for enterprise applications . In the same way robotic exoskeletons greatly increase the strength of their human operators , these software equivalents can help workers achieve far more than they can with existing applications . The range of areas being addressed by this new generation of software is growing fast . Gong and Chorus , for example , are startups using natural language processing and other AI technologies to analyze sales conversations , highlighting ways to make sales teams more effective . ClearMetal is applying machine learning to data about ship movements , port conditions , and other factors to help supply chain managers better predict the availability and cost of containers . Other young companies like Prevedere and TravelBank are leveraging AI technologies to help executives improve financial forecasts and expense management . The original business software paradigm pioneered by companies such as Oracle and SAP focused on using software to boost efficiency by codifying workflows . The data generated by the applications were treated as an afterthought . If insights were needed to guide workers , analysts were summoned to extract them from the data using specialized tools . The Software - as - a - Service revolution greatly improved the way business software was delivered and distributed , but it did n't fundamentally change this underlying approach . The new applications do . They treat data as the priority -- hence the term " data - first " -- and they leverage various AI technologies to recommend actions that are delivered directly to users , often in real time . Incumbents like Oracle are now rushing to inject AI features into their software . But as so often in the history of technology , many of the most compelling innovations will come from startups unencumbered by legacy thinking . Startups like Signifyd , which just raised $ 56 million of fresh funding to develop its anti - fraud application , are focusing on key online processes like fraud detection , ad targeting , and consumer offer optimization , where the sheer volume and velocity of decision - making is so high it 's impossible to have humans in the loop . Using AI technologies to automate all or most of the work makes sense here . Elsewhere , as our report notes , the emphasis is more on augmentation than automation . This is especially true in sensitive areas like IT security and IT operations , where a tsunami of events and alerts risks overwhelming human operators . Here , AI - powered software is being used to identify situations that merit the attention of an employee and to automate responses to some issues . For example , Moogsoft ( in which my firm is an investor ) has enabled one of its financial services clients using its " AIOps " platform to boost the number of servers an IT operations team member can monitor effectively from just over 1,000 to over 10,000 . Data - first applications are also helping to increase employee productivity in other sensitive areas like customer support . DigitalGenius applies deep learning algorithms to historical customer service transcripts and can generate automated responses to new queries or suggest ones for call center agents to use . By analyzing inbound queries and ensuring they are routed to the right teams , DigitalGenius claims it can increase agent capacity by around 30 percent . As a recent New York Times story trumpeted , hiring is up , wages are up , and jobless rates are at a 10-year low . As the labor market continues to tighten in America , companies need to find innovative new ways to boost the productivity of their employees . Those that fail to adopt data - first applications will leave their employees at a distinct disadvantage . Those that want to be in the vanguard will need to evaluate next - generation software applications quickly . Some of the criteria against which to assess them include : As they penetrate more companies and business functions , data - first applications will inevitably find themselves swept up in the debate about whether AI - driven automation is going to destroy large numbers of jobs . Yet in most cases , the new applications ' role will be to automate basic tasks and help employees become more productive as they are freed up to focus on more value - added activities . This ability to act as a force multiplier for humans will become even more valuable as ageing populations place a greater burden on remaining workers to drive future economic growth . As a society , we 'll need to think carefully about the implications of software - driven automation in certain sectors of the economy . But the direction of change is clear . The companies and executives that are most adept at building machine - assisted workforces will be the ones that come out on top in the emerging era of AI - driven competition . Martin Giles is a Partner at Wing Venture Capital .
There are roughly 58,000 homeless students on college campuses in the United States ( according to the National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth [ NAEHCY ] and Free Application for Federal Student Aid [ FAFSA ] ) . That number could actually be much higher , given students ' reluctance to disclose any issues with their housing . That same dynamic is also in play with coding bootcamps , where students have been able to get diversity scholarships or other financial resources , but are still homeless due to high housing costs in the cities where bootcamps are based . On Today 's Breaking Into Startups episode , we share Everette Taylor 's untold story about how he went from being homeless in high school , dropped out of college , but went on to become the chief marketing officer at Skurt .
Tech . Co has partnered with Arlington Economic Development to bring you this story . For more in this sponsored series : AED ecosystem . Do you currently live outside the greater DC area ? Do you want to change that ? If you 're a cool startup founder or CEO , Startup Arlington wants you to , and they have the grant to back it up . Startup Arlington is aimed at entrepreneurs from outside the greater DC area who are interested in locating their business in Arlington , an urban area located right across the Potomac River from Washington , D.C. Startup Arlington is looking to accept those with a business that could benefit from being in the area and gaining access to Capital area agencies or resources . Any applicants must be at least 21 years of age , a U.S. citizen , and currently be the founder / CEO of a technology company not currently based in the greater DC area but who would be available to reside in Arlington if selected for the period of April 1 until June 30 , 2017 . Applications will be evaluated on criteria including just how much the location change would be beneficial for the company to the background experience of the founding team and their overall business plan and growth potential . This year Startup Arlington has partnered with private equity firm Kiddar Capital to provide $ 25,000 in investment capital for a truly remarkable startup to grow its business in Arlington 's Crystal City neighborhood . What 's more , the Startup Arlington winner will also receive three months of lodging at WhyHotel / The Bartlett , one of the newest luxury pop - up hotel and apartment buildings in Arlington with more than 40,000 square feet of amenities and services provided by Vornado Realty Trust . SP The winning startup will also receive incubator space at the Crystal City offices of 1776 with access to expert mentorship and a powerful network to help the company grow . You 'll need to start working on your application this month : The application period begins January 5 and will remain open until the end of the day on January 31 . Terms and conditions are fully explained over here . Check out the site to get started . Image : Flickr / La Citta Vita
Over $ 300-billion of oil and gas exploration projects have been shelved since the oil price fell from a high of $ 120 in July 2014 to a low of $ 25 in early 2015 -- but three South Africans ' use of a statistical algorithm promises to cut the cost of finding oil and gas . While unlisted UK company Africa New Energies ( ANE ) recently became the subject of a bidding war with valuations of hundreds of millions of dollars , analysts remain cautious , with the company yet to discover a single barrel of oil . The company , launched by Stephen Larkin , Brendon Raw and Shakes Motsilili in 2012 , uses data collected from satellites , aircraft and ground - based earthquake detection monitors to scope for oil and gas . ANE is backed by both the UN and the Namibian government , which has awarded the company a SP 22 000 square kilometre concession - an area larger than Gauteng . It plans to start drilling in 2018 . Zak Mir , the media pundit who hosts TipTV in London said ANE 's algorithm was the first technology innovation with a realistic chance of success to emerge after the industry slump -- with many exploration techniques still overly reliant on seismic methods , which were introduced in 1924 . " While there is a bit of a dot com feel to these rumours , I have no doubt that interest in ANE 's technology will reach fever - pitch if its drilling programme in the Kalahari does deliver . " Andrew Turpin , a former head of media relations at energy companies Iberdrola and Centrica and Indian oil refining group Essar , said ANE 's algorithm materially improves the notoriously low probability of finding land - based hydrocarbons through drilling expensive test wells . The algorithm can prove even more valuable , he said , in that it enables remote desktop assessment of hundreds of potential hydrocarbon deposits across entire continents , making it possible for investors to rank prospects before they have set foot in the country . This can eliminate the risk of wasting billions on infrastructure . " In a world where oil majors are paying $ 17 to replace each barrel of reserves using their internal geological teams and investor sentiment is moving away from mega - hydrocarbon projects , ANE 's algorithm is a potential game changer , " said Turpin . " However , there is still a risk for any bidder looking at ANE . Nothing is proven yet and most bidders would want clarity that the Kalahari acreage contains more than just fossilised sea water , " he stressed . Edward Stock of Artaois , the London - based independent energy markets consultancy said " the industry is facing a dilemma as to where new reserves will come from . This is a time where investment into high - cost exploration in hostile environments is waning and the current focus on fracking is seen as uneconomical at the current prices . " Technology that will increase the efficiency of exploration while providing returns at current levels should be attracting investment back into the sector . " But Stock agrees with Turpin 's caution . " Nothing is proven yet , and ANE 's unorthodox funding model constrains the amount of capital it can raise . SP The company claims a prospective resource of 1.6 billion barrels -- so -- at ANE 's forecast of $ 40 per barrel -- the outcome of its drilling campaign is one that the rest of the industry will be watching closely . " ANE 's South African country manager Shakes Motsilili was tight - lipped when asked to comment on the bids , stating that if any discussions were happening they tended to be drawn out over many months and would be subject to confidentiality . ANE CEO Stephen Larkin will be hosted by Startup Grind Cape Town on 25th April to talk about the potential for crowdfunding to galvanise other South African tech startups .
Product Hunt , the " Reddit for startups " website favored by Silicon Valley investors and entrepreneurs , has been acquired . The three - year - old startup was acquired by AngelList , a company that matches startups with prospective investors and employees . Terms of the deal were not disclosed but Recode reported the deal was worth about $ 20 million . SEE ALSO : Boom time is over : Startups are failing as funding dries up Product Hunt will continue to operate independently , though the companies plan to create some integrations that will allow both sites ' audiences to reach each other , AngelList said . SP Based in San Francisco , Hoover and most of the Product Hunt team will begin working out of AngelLists 's office . " With Product Hunt , we can help companies with their most important transaction : acquiring customers , " AngelList 's COO Graham Jenkin wrote in a blog post . SP Ryan Hoover , Product Hunt 's founder and CEO , said his company will continue its expansion efforts . " Independent of the acquisition , we 're continuing to expand the platform and soon we 'll be introducing new ways to discover great products , including improvements to the homepage feed itself , " Hoover tells Mashable . SP AngelList had previously invested in Product Hunt , but the acquisition should also help the startup monetize its platform , Hoover told Recode . Up until now , Product Hunt had focused more on growing its platform than creating revenue . SP
In early 2017 , the techies 2017 awards will celebrate entrepreneurship , innovation and disruption in the UK technical space . The deadline for entries is 6 February 2017 with the awards ceremony to be held on 23 February 2017 . Enter the techies 2017 today ! The techies 2017 champions all that is great about the UK technology sector , offering a series of prestigious awards to some of the nation 's best technologists , company builders , mentors and investors . Awards will go to forward - thinking individuals and companies that are pushing the boundaries in everything from mobile app development and wearables , to security and cloud technology . SP Through the techies , Techworld will bring some of the most progressive firms to the forefront of people 's minds and shine a spotlight on UK tech innovation excellence . We want to promote the best new tech in companies of all sizes from startups to enteprises . SP We 're accepting entries right now , so be sure to spread the word to people and companies that you think could be in with a shout of winning one of what we expect to quickly become highly sought after awards . You can see some of last year 's winners in our the techies 2016 winners piece . The deadline for entries is Monday 6 February 2017 . SP Ticketmaster : " A big thanks to everyone at Techworld for the recognition and organising such a fun and inspiring evening , and hats off to Ticketmaster for sweeping the Techies 2016 ! " Clearscore : " The Techies celebrates startups , digital disruptors , innovation and emerging technology , and we were proud to be among a host of inspiring and trailblazing businesses . " Darktrace : " We are delighted to see the fundamental innovation of our ' immune system ' technology recognised by The Techies . " Secure Trading : " It 's fantastic to win an award that recognises our success in approaching the acquiring market in a different way and bringing the very best solutions to market for our customers . " RAVN : " We are delighted to win this award . In addition to law firms implementing a variety of automated review processes , RAVN is excited to be working with organisations from the media , telecoms , professional services and financial services sectors to revolutionise their handling of unstructured data . " Finalists will be invited to attend an exclusive evening at the 5-star Mondrian Hotel in central London , where Techworld will host a glitzy awards ceremony , followed by an after party and networking . SP The evening will be full of surprises beginning with a drinks reception and the awards will be followed by a dazzling techies after party . It 's going to be an evening to remember . Find out more by viewing the techies 2016 awards - Photos and highlights . Click here for a full list of the techies 2017 awards categories . Or surf over here to enter the techies 2017 . We have had loads of truly impressive entries , but there is still chance for your business or colleague to shine ! SP A variety of sponsorship opportunities are available . Applications will be judged by Techworld 's editorial team in conjunction with a distinguished panel of experts . See the terms and conditions here . SP For more information and a full list of the awards please visit The Techies website . SP
If you ' ve ever lived in an apartment or home without a microwave , you ' ve likely asked yourself " now what am I going to eat ? ! " While food is always better for you when it 's cooked in an oven , using this massive home appliance takes up far too much time for eaters on the go . Fortunately , Panasonic wants you to start eating healthier , which is why they ' ve released a smaller oven that will change the way you eat for the better . The revolutionary Panasonic Countertop Induction Oven ( CIO ) combines proprietary induction and double - infrared heating technologies for delicious food and healthy cooking options in just minutes . It can grill , it can bake , and it can even reheat so overly microwaved leftovers will become a thing of the past . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ " Our one - of - a - kind Countertop Induction Oven will change the consumer 's kitchen , " said Persia Tatar , senior marketing manager at Panasonic in a press release . " The CIO is an example of food - tech innovation at its best . It delivers a quick , yet high - end and healthy cooking experience to consumers in a compact , easy - to - use design . " The Panasonic Countertop Induction Oven is one of the CES Innovation Award Honorees for its revolutionarily small design and health food focus . It is now available for $ 599.95 here . Get one today to start your new year resolution off on the right foot . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
Real - time restaurant deal start - up City Munch and chef - prepared meal delivery service Fanceat are amongst five start - ups that have been chosen by Just Eat to join its first food tech accelerator . Online takeaway delivery firm Just Eat believes the start - ups - who will now spend the next 10 weeks at its London offices - are " transformative " and can " make a difference to the food tech industry " . Each start - up has received PS20,000 investment in return for 5% equity , and will also gain access to mentoring from the Just Eat team , attendance to networking events , and will be introduced to partners such as YFood , Dreamstake and Google . The start - ups joining the ' Future of Food Tech ' accelerator are : Just Eat head of corporate ventures , Stuart Mainwaring , commented : " The five start - ups we ' ve chosen demonstrated the exceptional creativity , innovation and growth potential to stand out from a really strong crowd . " We 're delighted to have them on board and have an action - packed schedule for them over the coming weeks to help them on their journeys towards becoming outstanding food tech companies . " SP
I ' ve always said that the companies that scale to become large , sustainable and independent franchises are the ones that offer a platform to the market . The constant evolution aspiration for a startup is to go from feature to product to platform -- to create a company where other companies are born and scaled on your technology offerings . A larger vision and the ability to execute on it is truly what separate the good from the great . Things have changed a lot for Dyn over the 15 years since its inception -- and many of the biggest shifts have come since I joined the company almost eight years ago . Since 2008 we ' ve seen a dramatic shift in the way SaaS tools and services are sold , and how growing SaaS companies are positioning themselves in the market . Like many SaaS companies , Dyn started as a small niche player in an important corner of the Internet -- Managed DNS -- and slowly carved out a space honing our product and beating competitors on service , pricing , relationships , and added - value until we grew to be the market leader . Along the way we selectively added complementary products -- traffic management , Internet intelligence and email delivery -- and continued to grow , ensuring our products worked so well in tandem and delivered such value that the only clear path forward was to deliver a platform sale to our customers . We 're in the midst of a go - to - market and product transformation to reflect this evolution of our business and this move upstream we 're making with the platform is the natural one for businesses that want to drive growth and continue innovating as an independent entity . For Dyn , it 's no longer about selling feeds and speeds , but all about selling business value to enterprises . We 're certainly not alone in our platform - first approach . A recent Accenture Trend Report noted that 81 percent of executives say platform - based business models will be core to their growth strategy within three years . Creating integrated approaches to solving business challenges is not only good for customers , it 's a differentiator for your business that can position you far ahead of the competition . Here are some keys to enabling -- and nailing -- the move to the platform . Enable a Vision and the Rest will Follow Shifting your business to a platform approach requires patience and is n't for everyone . But if your company has several complementary products that combine to create huge value for your customers and prospects , integrating the products and developing additional tools that continue to differentiate your business could propel your growth story . In 2015 we started a cross - company pivot away from product selling and towards a platform sell - delivering the value of all of our core DNS , data , analytics and traffic steering products into addressing the Internet Performance Management space , where we see huge potential for the company through the next 5 years and beyond . But before we saw a platform approach , we had to see the vision for how our existing products could deliver on a larger promise for our customers . Having the vision for a platform sale is also necessary for any business to continue to be an independent player , especially in an ecosystem where companies with unique tools or services are targets for companies that already have a platform play . Building out a platform and successfully rolling it out to customers -- and ensuring they embrace it -- is a big challenge , but with big challenges come big opportunities . Build What Customers Want - and Validate It may seem obvious to build products well - tailored to customers ' wants and needs but too many SaaS product development teams fall into the trap of iterating based on their own visions for the product rather that keeping to the goal of solving very specific customer problems and solving them well . At Dyn , we ' ve kept our focus on this and it has helped us grow over the long - run , with 29 consecutive quarters of growth and counting . Keeping a keen eye on the customer has meant each of our products and each of our acquisitions has been based on fulfilling a need . As customer needs have been filled we ' ve constantly challenged ourselves and this has led to a natural progression in thinking from feature to product to suite to platform . The platform has always been the goal , but it has become the emphasis based on clear customer need . This " market - in " rather than " product out " mindset is imperative to understanding what customers truly want and enabling your business to deliver through the out years . It was critical for us to match our own maturation with the macro trends happening across the Internet infrastructure landscape and affecting CIO and CTOs of companies big and small . Timing is everything . Empower Leadership for a Full Throttle Change Building the vision and strategy and green - lighting the move to a platform approach was one of the most significant decisions our leadership has made over the history of the business . Not only did it signal a serious shift in our marketing and sales approach , it required a mammoth undertaking by our product and engineering teams to build the software that would enable our massive business shift . Many times products are utilized by customers with siloed interaction points . This user experience needs to be elegant with clean workflows and interfaces or via robust APIs . While it was a true team effort to develop the strategy and action plan for the platform play , it was crucial for the plan to be communicated to leaders across our near 500-person business , to our regional offices in the UK , Australia and Singapore , and understood and internalized by all of our staff . Enabling this change was a huge decision and we ' ve had to turn the company and ensure the message is resonating and being communicated across all departments and through all disciplines . We also based one of our biggest hires to date , our global head of sales , on his ability to grow our sales apparatus to meet this platform approach . If you want to have a big vision for your company 's future , you truly have to go all in . Reorg and Resize You ca n't make a platform play without shaking up your organization significantly . We have shifted focus in many areas of our business and have had to reorganize teams and assets to meet the challenges we ' ve placed on ourselves . This is never an easy proposition for a business , but if leadership articulates the vision , charts the course and firmly plants the flag , showing how your business can meet the opportunity before it , your business will be set to optimize for the exciting opportunities ahead . At Dyn , our platform play has meant that we 're now prepared to hunt down opportunities in business categories that are emerging as the big prospects of the future : automation , predictive analytics , Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) , Internet of Things ( IoT ) , full cloud adoption , mobile and ever more globalization and global growth . Our internal reorganization has meant shifting focus for many of our best thinkers and the creation of new strategic groups that are helping the whole organization to shift to meet opportunity . We ' ve developed a specific research group , integration group , partnerships and alliances group and a solution architecture team to set us on a footing for success . Change is never easy , especially in already successful organizations , but if you want to be sustainable and impactful you need to see the future and set a foundation to get you there . Employees , long - time customers and other stakeholders might question a shift in focus after so many successful years of business . But moving to a platform play requires opportunism , guts , and vision with a commitment to taking on the challenges of tomorrow . Kyle York is the chief strategy officer for Dyn , a cloud - based Internet performance company that helps companies monitor , control , and optimize online infrastructure for an exceptional end - user experience .
Seattle startup OfferUp , the Seattle - based Craigslist competitor that last year become one of the pacific northwest 's few unicorns , is hiring for a unique position . The startup is looking for a hacker to join the company as a security engineer . The position involves finding potential weaknesses in a variety of OfferUp products , then helping to craft creative solutions to those weaknesses . The position requires an expertise in security and strong coding skills . The security engineer will work with a variety of engineering , product , and security teams inside the company , and will provide the foundation for the company 's security initiatives . For more information on the position , and to apply , visit GeekWork . That 's one of the current highlights from GeekWork , GeekWire 's job site . Continue reading for more of this week 's top openings , hand - picked from GeekWork 's featured listings , and search for more open positions here . ( And , as long as you 're job hunting , other good resources include the GeekWire 200 ranking of top technology startups in the Pacific Northwest , the related GeekWire startup list database of more than 800 companies , and our Startup Resource directory . Good luck in your search ! ) SP Position : Sales Professional Summary : " GeekWire is a fast - growing , national technology news site with strong roots in the Seattle region and a large audience of loyal , tech - savvy readers around the globe , who follow the site for breaking news , expert analysis and unique insights into the technology industry ... GeekWire is seeking a salesperson who will be responsible for identifying and working with new advertisers , job posters , and sponsors seeking to reach our growing audience . " Learn more and apply on GeekWork . Position : Prototype Development Lead Summary : " The innovation team at Delta Dental of Washington is hiring a Prototype Development Lead to help the organization disrupt , transform and revolutionize oral health . The Prototype Development Lead will be responsible for helping to drive a culture of innovation across the organization and help internal stakeholders build functional web prototypes . " Learn more and apply on GeekWork . Position : Data Engineer Summary : " Founded in 2011 , Enigma grew out of an effort to retrieve , normalize , and host public data ... The Data Team handle 's Enigma 's data ingestion workload as it seeks to continually expand its public data corpus . This data serves both users and commercial clients , as well as the consumption needs of our own internal teams . " Learn more and apply on GeekWork .
In 2015 , 23 percent of employees reported doing a portion of their work remotely , up from 19 percent in 2003 , Bureau of Labor Statistics data shows . But despite the growth in employees who identify as remote workers SP - as well as employers seeking remote workers - there is a gap between how those in a traditional work environment can develop skills to excel remotely . I hear " I wish I had a remote job " MUCH more than " What are skills I could learn that are needed in a remote role ? " # remotework # alwayslearn -- Jacqueline ( @JackieMJensen ) January 29 , 2017 SP We asked seven women who work remotely to share the skills they believe are needed to be successful in a remote role . Check out what they had to say below : " Communication is hard , remote communication is a lot worse . Bad communication is everywhere . The tiniest slip of the mind or finger can undermine a carefully planned communication strategy . Being remote actually allows you to practice intentional and thoughtful communication far more . Own this skill and let it be a second nature to you . " - Liz van Dijk of Percona " You must have confidence to take control of everything - for the sake of your success and happiness . " - Kat Loughrey of CloudPeeps " I ' ve needed the ability to push projects forward on my own . I decide what needs to happen next without needing to consult anyone . " - Angela Rollins of Tortuga " I took for granted how many breaks are built into a traditional office job . From casually chatting in the office kitchen to walking to another part of the office to do something . As a remote worker , it 's very easy to get overworked and forget to give your brain a rest . " - Arielle Tannenbuam of Buffer " I ' ve had to work hard over the years to become disciplined - not at getting my work done , but at putting it down . " - Sarah Hawk of FeverBee " Outside input and inspiration for your work is very important . I had to take control of building a professional network and community around my new workstyle . " - Laura Winton , Content Creator and Social Media Manager " Set it up for healthy posture , comfort , and efficiency . Your dedicated workspace should n't be in a random spare room in a corner - inspirational vibe is key ! Remember , remote working is not for everyone . If you need to be in a building with people physically present to get the energy , direction , and connections you need to feel motivated , working remotely is n't for you . " - Aimee Charlton of Best Friends Animal Society The idealism around remote work is like the pedestal we place startup founders on in popular culture . Some tend to only see the benefits of skipping a commute or the freedom to travel . Being successful at remote work takes a specific skill set and requires sacrifices . Read more about remote work here on Tech . Co SP
Financial advice startup Moneysoft has partnered with Mortgage Choice to produce and launch MoneyTrack , a financial planning tool to be made available to its network of advisers through its cashflow coaching service . Tania Milnes , general manager of Mortgage Choice Financial Planning , said the tool will provide a " robust basis " for the advice it currently provides . " It gives clients an easy to understand tool that provides a clear picture of their spending and saving habits and helps steer the conversation around achieving their financial goals , " she said . The platform will also boost efficiency for advisers , added Jon Shaw , head of technology and commercial operations at Moneysoft . " Our technology features straight - through processing which cuts down on manual data entry , delivering time savings to advisers while also enabling them to develop a greater understanding of their clients ' individual financial circumstances , " he said . Launched by former accountant and financial adviser Peter Malekas in 2012 and having raised $ 1.5 million in funding from backers including BlueChilli , Moneysoft was built with financial professionals in mind including , among others , financial advisers and planners , mortgage brokers and aggregators , and super funds . Its Moneysoft Pro platform enables users to provide clients with cash flow , budgetary , and money management services by bringing together a client 's accounts , loans , mortgage and any other products into one view , while its Individuals platform allows users to link all their accounts , set money goals , and track their progress . With Mortgage Choice on board , Moneysoft stated its customer base of financial advisory and dealer groups has now grown to 10 . The partnership follows another with Link Group , provider of fund administration solutions , announced a few months ago , with the companies to work together on new products for super fund members . In the five years since the startup 's launch , the number of tech players offering financial advice has exploded ; robo - advice for the consumer has become a particularly popular segment , with the likes of Stockspot , Acorns , and HashChing just a few working in the space . Facing disruption , however , some in the financial planning space have come to embrace tech tools to better enable them to serve their clients . Joining Moneysoft with a solution aimed at this market is myprosperity , which recently announced former managing director of Xero Australia , Chris Ridd as its CEO , with MYOB cofounder Craig Winkler an investor . The platform has developed an online solution to help accountants and advisers better work with their clients .
The battle between startups and corporations is a myth . While business is always a competition for more customers , attention , and capital , there is no inherent beef between a company that 's just starting out and one that is well - established in their market . Startups help corporations stay nimble and in the front lines of consumer trends . Corporations support startups through the tough times and mentor them during their growth cycles . And if you do n't believe me , just ask Seth Priebatsch , Chief Ninja at LevelUp . If you haven't heard of LevelUp , this five - year - old startup is partnering with Chase on the Chase Pay app , the company 's mobile payments product . With advanced technology that allows customers to order food ahead of time to avoid the lines , LevelUp and Chase Pay are aiming to transform the way you think about payments . Now in select cities including Dallas , Chase Pay app users can save $ 5 the first time ordering ahead from participating restaurants . Also , the two are helping restaurants large and small be ready for mobile payments , helping them grow their business through order ahead , offers , and customer analytics . At Dallas Startup Week , Seth sat down with Jen Roberts , the head of Chase Pay and digital products at Chase , to talk about his entrepreneurial journey . They touched on the value of transparency , the importance of great team building , and everything in between . If you ask an entrepreneur what the key to success is , they 'll almost always say it 's the team . Having a qualified group of employees that understand the mission and work hard to achieve it is the only real way to make sure you 're set up for success . So how do you hire a great team ? You have to interview the right way . " In the hiring we ' ve done , we try to spend half of our time in the SP interview answering questions rather than asking them . When we do that , people that accept the job end up really know what they 're getting into , which has worked out pretty well for us . " When people know what they 're doing and can properly predict how things are going to go , they 're a lot less wary about their future at their company . And if retention matters to you , this method of interviewing is going to go a long way . " People who are doing a great job are happy and they stay . " When building a company , having an honest and trustworthy relationship with employees is key to a sustainable company culture . Seth took this to heart when it came to starting his company , employing a transparency policy that takes things to the next level . " One of the things that LevelUp works hard to do is practice what we preach through radical transparency . Everyone agrees that transparency is a good thing . One of the things we like to do is take that to its logical extreme . If you work at LevelUp and it 's your first day , whether you 're an intern or if you ' ve been there since the beginning , you get access to a real - time database of every transaction running through our system . " Sure , Seth was participating in a chat led by Chase , but this is a great example of how strong and authentic the relationship is . Because when it comes to working with big corporations , startups can tap into their large network , experience and work through challenges of growing a business . If you 're interested in checking out the full fireside chat with Seth , watch it below : Read all our coverage of Dallas Startup Week here on Tech . Co .
Mya Systems , formerly known as FirstJob , today announced funding of $ 11.4 million to further develop its recruiter chatbot , which uses artificial intelligence ( AI ) to automate outreach and communication with job candidates . Emergence Capital was the sole investor in this round . " The existing recruiting landscape is made up of Applicant Tracking Systems ( ATS ) , online assessments , job boards , and professional networking sites , " wrote Mya Systems ' founder and CEO , Eyal Grayevsky , in an email to VentureBeat . " The market is broken , as evidenced by the fact that 75 percent of workers submitting applications do n't hear back from employers and 54 percent of employers say it 's become more difficult to find qualified candidates . " Mya Systems launched Mya last year and is on pace to interact with a total of 2 million candidates by the end of this year , according to Grayevsky . " That translates to over 50 million messages , each representing multiple candidate data points , " he wrote . Mya uses natural language processing and machine learning technologies to automate the pre - screening process of hiring -- things like sourcing , scheduling , and onboarding . The bot communicates with candidates via different channels , including SMS , email , and Facebook Messenger . The cloud - based technology , which integrates with the customer 's existing ATS , career site , and calendar systems , is currently in private beta . According to Grayevsky , the startup works with three of the five largest recruiting agencies , as well as with several Fortune 500 companies . The recruiting sector has seen several applications of AI , such as Teamable , which taps into employees ' social networks for better referrals , and Beamery , which uses a hybrid of customer relationship management ( CRM ) , marketing , and AI to treat candidates like customers . Founded in 2012 , San Francisco - based Mya Systems has raised a total of $ 11.4 to date -- the $ 3 million seed round raised in 2012 converted into this round , wrote Grayevsky . The startup will use the new capital to hire additional machine learning engineers and data scientists , increasing its team to 20 employees by this summer .
Cuvva , the Scottish startup that reckons it 's spotted a gap in the market by offering hourly car insurance sold through a mobile app , is set to launch a novel and potentially disruptive new type of car insurance designed for infrequent drivers . It 's well known that many people who own a car drive it less and less these days , especially those who live in a city , and yet conventional car insurance does a relatively poor job of reflecting this in the premiums we pay . Cuvva 's new product , which opens its doors in April , wants to end the status quo that sees drivers pay for expensive insurance when their car is sat idle on the side of the street or on their drive . Here 's how it will work : Cuvva will let you buy insurance via a monthly subscription of between PS10 and PS30 , depending on the car and where you live . You then purchase premium ' top up ' insurance via the Cuvva app , starting from PS1.20 an hour , during the time you plan to actually drive your car . Like regular insurance , you can still earn a no claims discount each year , and I ' m told the new product is targeting those who rack up fewer than 4,000 miles a year . Says Cuvva founder Freddy Macnamara in a statement : " It was ridiculous that I could n't borrow a car for an hour , because of the difficulty of getting short - term cover . I could order an Uber or a Deliveroo to my house , but I could n't buy insurance for a short period quickly . We realised that we could use the same mechanism to save infrequent drivers a huge amount of money . Saving PS500 to PS1,000 a year on your car insurance is life - changing . Everyone can think of someone who will benefit from that . " Meanwhile , Cuvva is announcing PS1.5 million in new funding , in a round led by LocalGlobe , the VC fund founded by father and son duo Robin and Saul Klein . The startup 's other backers include Tekton Ventures , Techstars Ventures , Seedcamp , Nick Hungerford ( founder of Nutmeg ) and Ian Hogarth ( founder of SongKick ) . Cuvva has raised PS2 million since being founded in late 2014 .
Getting your elevator pitch down for investors is one thing . But what you might not know is that your customers can sell your product a lot more effectively than you can . However , without specific training , they might not be getting the pitch right . Recently I sat down with Moisey Uretsky , cofounder of DigitalOcean , and talked about the elevator pitch . Moisey said that founders and investors often focus on their elevator pitch , and that 's fine . But what most do n't know is that it 's not nearly as important as the customer 's elevator pitch . He explained that it is the elevator pitch that a customer of a startup would give on behalf of a startup to a prospective customer . That elevator pitch becomes a kind of litmus test for how well the company is doing , and it 's also an easy shortcut . That is , the customer elevator pitch embodies both - a successful product and customers that are so happy , they talk about the product to prospective customers . SP First , a Product - Market - Fit is achieved when most sales succeed and most customers do n't feel sick after a sale . This is called the Magic Moment , and once a customer reaches that state , the probability of the customer returning in the future is dramatically higher . The Magic Moment leads to a viable long - term business and you get to Product - Market - Fit - customers buy and stay happy . However , the Product - Market - Fit by itself is n't always an indicator of a great business . If people keep buying the product or service , but do n't tell other potential customers , the cost of acquiring customers would still be high and margins of the business may suffer . SP DigitalOcean found Product - Market - Fit after they launched a simple , affordable hosting service using SSD drives . They poured a ton of love and exceptional support on top , which eventually lead to its success . This offering strongly resonated with developers , and they flocked from other providers like Amazon and Rackspace to DigitalOcean . The product was so great that developers started recruiting other developers with this elevator pitch : simple , affordable , and super cool hosting service . In turn , this elevator pitch resonated with new customers and the referrals started pouring in . SP DigitalOcean took advantaged of this dynamic and put more gasoline on the fire by introducing a double referral program that gave credit to both existing and new customers . That strategy drastically lowered the cost of customer acquisition and lead to a great business and great margins . As a result , DigitalOcean helped create a perfect customer elevator pitch : a seemingly simple but incredibly powerful way to look at your business . What is your customer 's elevator pitch ? SP This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
startup pitches . Company : Hire . Bid . Headquarters : Washington DC . Founding Team : Founder and CEO , Neil Sandhu . Why we like it : Because it 's an auction ! Better prices , good bargains , plenty of options , fair play and the slight thrill of competition . What 's not to like ? SP Okay , maybe sitting at your computing betting on the service of a professional is n't as thrilling as shouting out your bidding price in front of tens of people . Behind your screen there 's no pompous bidder eyeing you down . You 're the one in charge . You can quickly scroll through your options and pick out the best fit for your needs . Hire . Bid is an online marketplace connecting professionals with clients . Experienced professionals can auction off their available time to be bid on potential clients . When business get busy , companies lose talent and there 's extra work to be done , they can search through Hire . Bid for the ideal professional . It works for both parties . On the one side , a company finds a new worker . Yes we get it , it 's always a risk taking on new workers . Do they understand your business ? Do they share your vision ? Do they get your culture ? Are you on the same path ? However , Hire . Bid has a unique system that helps companies test drive professionals with short time blocks of work , rather than long - term commitment . Later down the track if it all works out , a client could potentially hire the professional for additional services or simply bid them adieu and search for a better fit . On the other side of the spectrum , if you have a few extra hours , have professional skills and are looking to further your experience , there 's no harm in trying . None at all actually . Not to your pocket and not to your time . It 's quick and free to post your professional profile and time blocks on the marketplace . Then all you need to do is wait to be hired . Hire . Bid charges a low commission only from the fees paid by a client to a professional on the marketplace . No job , no fees . SP We know , the internet can be a little risky . Who knows who is on the other end . Apart from short term working blocks , Hire . Bid has a unique rating system that informs the client the level of service they are to expect from a professional in terms of their price value per hour . SP
Whether you have been running a small business storefront for years or you are just starting out but have no online presence , there are many ways you can get up to speed with how the modern online world works . Thanks to available digital tools and platforms as well as companies behind those solutions , you have more help now than ever before to modernize your business without having to spend considerable resources to do so . Here are 10 ways you can upgrade your business to leverage the growth opportunities available online : Having a cloud - based architecture for your business makes it much easier and cost - effective to move your business to the online world . Doing so will allow you to access certain aspects of your business from anywhere and any device , which is important in the online world where every store and website is always open . By working behind the scenes to share information with your team and handle processes from anywhere , your business will appear to be working around the clock to serve customers . Moving to the online world can be overwhelming at first because your audience can become so much larger yet expect you to know each one of them personally . Thanks to software solutions , it 's easier to accomplish this and actually build stronger relationships with customers that you have regularly serviced in - person . For example , if you are a restaurant and want to make each customer feel as though you are interacting with them directly , you can leverage online tools that offer a database that keeps track of what those customers have ordered , when they have eaten at your restaurant or have a future reservation , when they have an upcoming special occasion and more that you can then use to personalize future visits , including sharing special menus that include dishes they like or offering a coupon for a future birthday . When your business can automate aspects of the operations that tend to be time - consuming like invoicing , billing , and payments , you will be able to focus on other business - building activities while it efficiently takes care of these tasks for you . Automation is one of the most beneficial aspects of the online world and provides you with a way to focus on the human component of business like interacting with customers and enhancing those user experiences that bring them back for more . While those time - consuming tasks are very important to the business , they do take you away from what makes you money . Even an offline business has significant data that it keeps on customers , including personal and financial information . In order to protect your business and customers from data theft , it 's important to upgrade your security systems and create a system that minimizes the vulnerability level . In then moving online , this need for security becomes even greater so it makes sense to understand where the vulnerabilities lie and then invest in the necessary security solutions , such as encryption and two - step verification processes . If you want to get to know your customers that are online every day and let them know you are available to chat , you need to develop a social presence on multiple platforms and regularly use them to interact and engage with your audience . Setting up a Facebook page and Instagram account is n't enough ; you need to be on there daily answering questions and responding to feedback from your fans as well as providing useful content that brings them back for more . Like any relationship , your online social relationships need constant attention to flourish . The online environment puts you in touch with so many tools that can help you modernize how you work with your customers and run your business . Known as application programming interfaces ( APIs ) , you can use these to fairly easily add specific applications to your business that increase functionality in every aspect of your organization - marketing , sales , ecommerce , invoicing , payments , project management , collaboration , communication , security and more . These APIs can be quickly found and added without having to start from scratch and needing the technical knowledge to add these operational patches to your business . No customer will see you as modern if you do n't have some type of mobility to your business whether that is an app for them to tap into promotions or for you to drive more revenue through localization strategies . Mobile modernity also means the ability for your business to allow the team to work from their smartphones or tablets , if necessary , in order to maintain productivity . On all fronts , having mobile functionality in your business means greater engagement from all stakeholders and illustrates your ability to work on the preferred devices . Today 's businesses have such a wealth of intelligence at their disposal but are not sure how to truly harness it because they lack the understanding of how to do so or what type of analytics to leverage . This data can include everything from customer preferences and purchase histories to analytics that can reveal preferred time to receive communication from brands , the optimum time to post on social media , and how certain marketing tactics are working to drive more business . Numerous data analytics tools can be incorporated to modernize your business and the decisions made in relation to all the data available . A business that is stuck in the past only sees one pathway to revenue while a modern online business understands that it is best to implement an omni - channel model that puts your products in front of customers that could be looking for what you offer on all channels , including online , mobile , and offline , or traditional , channels . By offering numerous ways your customers can buy , you are acknowledging that modern businesses need to make themselves available everywhere to satisfy their target audiences . You most likely are not going to have the time to learn all the necessary skills . That 's why you need to hire strategically with outsource and freelance digital savvy talent that you can bring on board to handle specific projects or processes that need to be modernized to reflect the online environment . These new skills to add include everything from programming and data analytics to social media marketing , influencer marketing , and mobile marketing . It can seem overwhelming to overhaul your traditional business to work in the modern online world , but having a strategy that includes these approaches can help revamp your company . Make the most of what has been done already in terms of best practices , tools , and talent so you do n't waste time and money reinventing the wheel just to catch up . Always be open to the idea that you will now most likely continuing to evolve your business because the modern online world is in constant flux as technology and other external factors continue to change this operating environment . John Rampton is an entrepreneur , investor , online marketing guru and startup enthusiast . He is founder of the online invoicing company Due . John is best known as an entrepreneur and connector . He was recently named # 3 on Top 50 Online Influ ...
BI Intelligence This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers . To learn more and subscribe , please click here . Onyx Connect , a South African startup , will begin mass producing a $ 30 smartphone in June , according to CNN . The privately backed company received a 150 million rand ( $ 11 million ) investment from undisclosed investors in 2016 . This will make Onyx the first African smartphone manufacturer , according to the company . The low - cost smartphone will run on a " clean " version of Android , which means it wo n't come preloaded with apps . The company signed a licensing deal with Google in December 2016 , giving it the opportunity to use the clean Android software . This differs from most other Android - run devices , which come pre - loaded with Google Suite and carrier - branded apps . Removing pre - loaded apps means the phone will be able to cater to various African languages by providing space for country - specific apps . Low - cost smartphones can act as a catalyst for smartphone adoption in emerging markets like Africa , and could also help boost developer interest in the continent . Africa is affected by a fluctuating currency , which is partly responsible for stifled smartphone shipment growth . Moreover , an uptick in smartphone adoption could also help drive infrastructure investments . Once local governments and international tech companies see a growing demand for smartphone connectivity , it 's likely investments will follow . For instance , the Nigerian Communications Commission recently made investments to improve the country 's mobile network ecosystem . But Onyx 's new product faces stiff competition from Chinese low - cost phone makers , which have a head start in tapping the entry - level African market . For example , Huawei offers budget smartphones for around $ 40 and currently dominates the South African market , according to an Onyx employee . Huawei was the third - largest African smartphone vendor in 2016 and has increasingly shown interest in the African market . By undercutting the competition , Onyx Connect is likely hoping to appear more attractive to consumers . The global smartphone market is expected to slow considerably over the next few years . Despite a record - setting holiday quarter , 2015 was likely the last year of double - digit growth for smartphone shipments . Mature markets were at the heart of this year 's deceleration . Adoption has reached new highs in key markets in the United States , Europe , and China . The pool of first - time buyers in these countries is shrinking rapidly , and sales are now primarily coming from phone upgrades . Meanwhile , emerging markets will continue to see robust shipment growth . India and Indonesia , in particular , will help fuel a large share of the shipments growth within the global smartphone market over the next few years . BI Intelligence , Business Insider 's premium research service , has compiled a detailed report on smartphones by country that forecasts the market through 2021 to reflect slower , stabilizing growth in the long term . Here are some key points from the report : In full , the report : To get your copy of this invaluable guide , choose one of these options : The choice is yours . But however you decide to acquire this report , you ' ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the smartphone market .
General Electric ( GE ) technician Spahn uses a wireless gauge to automatically average measurements and sends the data wirelessly to his computer to read demensions of the holes in the railroad engine part on his workbench in Grove City Thomson Reuters By Alwyn Scott GROVE CITY , Penn . ( Reuters ) - At a General Electric factory in this rural town , Keith Spahn , 60 , used to take measurements of parts from railroad locomotives that are in for repair by hand . Now he uses a tool that reads the dimensions automatically and sends them wirelessly to his computer , where software decides whether the part can be reused or must be scrapped . " It 's definitely faster , " he says . Spahn 's workbench in this 240,000-square foot plant is one small example of a multibillion - dollar bet by GE Chief Executive Jeff Immelt : digital technology will transform GE 's factories , generate new revenue and boost profits . The $ 4 billion GE has spent on developing digital products - ranging from tiny sensors in jet engines to augmented reality and software that can crunch large volumes of data - is on the scale of investments Google and Facebook made to build their businesses , Bill Ruh , CEO of GE 's digital division , told Reuters . Now that GE has shed non - essential operations , including most of its large financial unit , its fortunes will rise or fall depending on whether that investment delivers . GE 's technology - and similar systems by IBM , Siemens AG and others - is a hot new battleground in manufacturing . The companies promise they can spot problems before machines break down , yield cost savings of 30 percent or more , and raise labor productivity that has slowed sharply in recent years . File photo of General Electric Co Chief Executive Jeff Immelt speaking at a news conference in Boston Thomson Reuters By 2020 , spending on such systems is expected to exceed $ 500 billion a year , up from $ 20 billion in 2012 , according to an estimate cited by consulting firm Accenture . GE says the market for the sectors it is in will be $ 225 billion by 2020 . The company has spent $ 5 billion setting up new US factories in the last five years . As it now adds digital technology to its plants , it needs fewer , and higher skilled , workers than in the past . " We 're going to have a smarter worker , " Immelt said in an interview . " We 're not going to have as many workers . " But as investment grows , so have concerns about whether these bets will pay off - and about the cost and complexity of keeping networked machines running and secure from hackers . GE investors are especially impatient for returns . Since Immelt became CEO in 2001 , GE shares have fallen 29 percent while the S&P 500 index has more than doubled . GE 's dividend is seven cents lower than it was in 2008 . That performance has some pressing for more urgency from Immelt . When activist investor Nelson Peltz bought a $ 2.5 billion GE stake in 2015 , he pressed for asset sales and cost cutting , and barely mentioned GE 's digital strategy as a source of growth . Trian declined to comment for this article . In March , Peltz reached an agreement with GE that tied the bonuses of top executives to cutting $ 2 billion in costs and hitting profit targets through 2017 . Those targets do n't rely on GE 's digital strategy . " People are n't saying they do n't like the technology " or that GE is investing too much in digital , said Deane Dray , an analyst at RBC Capital Markets . " But how does it translate into profit margins and cash ? " GE poses an important test of the digital factory idea . It has more than 500 factories around the globe that produce jet engines , power plants , medical CT scanners and other large , sophisticated equipment adaptable to the technology . GE also earns very little from selling hardware . Nearly half of its revenue and most of its profit come from selling services , a natural fit for the monitoring and data analysis that are the core of a computerized factory . Getty Images In addition to improving its own productivity , GE sells the " Brilliant Factory " as a product , promising a combination of its digital systems with advanced manufacturing techniques , 3-D printing and lean production principles pioneered by Toyota Motor Corp. Take the industrial operating system called Predix . GE spent more than $ 1 billion to create it along with applications that can analyze terabytes of data from jet engines or factory machines along with other data , such as weather or energy costs . GE 's venture capital arm is buying stakes in startups that adapt robots , optical scanners and augmented reality to work with Predix . Last year , GE spent $ 1.1 billion on two makers of industrial 3-D printers , planning both to use the printers and sell them . Predix systems work , in part , by creating a computerized model , or " digital twin , " of a machine that shows in real time how it is performing , and when parts are wearing out . This can eliminate unplanned breakdowns , GE says , saving time and money . The system also creates a " digital thread " that logs , like a medical record , every aspect of a machine 's life - from initial assembly to repairs during its years of operation . At GE 's Grove City factory , digital systems that were installed in the last 18 months time workers down to the second . Flat screens over work bays count how long crews are spending and turn red when jobs are taking too long . " I can look at that screen and see everything I need to know about how things are running , " said Richard Simpson , vice president of supply chain at GE Transportation , pointing to a display . Even though it is still a grimy , greasy industrial shop , Grove City is one of 17 " showcases " GE plans to have by year - end , helping it sell its systems to outside customers . When a massive railroad engine rolls in for repair , workers check the digital twin to see what parts need to be fixed . The system ensures spares are in stock . Older engines are fitted with sensors so they can supply that data next time . The process saves labor by eliminating unnecessary work . " Instead of full tear downs , the factory workers can refurbish just the parts that need it , " said Anup Sharma , a general manager at GE Digital . " That frees them up to do value added work and gets the engine back to the customer sooner . " GE executives say the company has reaped $ 1 billion in productivity gains during the last two years , with $ 700 million more expected in 2017 . Those gains are being reinvested into Predix and applications , so they have not had a large effect on GE 's earnings , the executives said . The gains are not broken out for investors to see . GE 's digital business expects new orders to jump 25 percent to $ 5 billion this year , said GE digital division CEO Ruh , resulting in $ 4 billion in revenue for the division from sales to companies such as Exelon Corp and BP PLC . By 2020 , GE expects $ 15 billion in revenue from its digital division . Charlie Smith , Chief Investment Officer at Fort Pitt Capital Group , with $ 2.1 billion under management , owns GE , IBM and other industrial companies and believes digital will ultimately pay off . But he shares the skepticism of many investors . " I ' m not completely all in on GE , " Smith said . " There 's very little revenue from digital so far . " GE Chief Financial Officer Jeff Bornstein said in an interview that the digital division " will become real for investors " when it begins to boost revenue and profits , starting in 2019 or 2020 . GE has no choice but to invest in the strategy , he added . " If we do n't do this then somebody else is going to , " Bornstein said . " That is not a good thing . " ( Editing by Joseph White and Edward Tobin ) Read the original article on Reuters . Copyright 2017 . Follow Reuters on Twitter .
Increasingly , companies are turning to artificial intelligence to understand what people say about their products and services on Twitter or Facebook . The goal is to react more quickly to complainers and perhaps sell more stuff to happy customers . But with sarcasm , there is a big gap between what people say and what they mean . And , because computers tend to take everything literally , they simply do n't get the joke . For example , " You look wonderful " can mean two very different things depending on the context and the speaker . It could mean that you do , in fact , look great , or it could mean the opposite coming from the late comedian Don Rickles , with his trademark exaggerated eye roll . This is one reason people still get frustrated with Apple 's Siri , Amazon Alexa , and other virtual personal assistants : They tend to get lost in a world laced with irony . This is a tough problem for AI to handle , but one that conversational analytics startup Gong , based in Tel Aviv with U.S. offices in Palo Alto , Calif. , hopes to solve . Companies wanting to fine - tune online recommendations , for example , would like to know if a user who wrote , " I loved this movie " is serious or flippant . It 's a problem that film information site The Internet Movie Database tries to overcome using an algorithm that analyzes people 's comments to automatically create a rating of one to 10 . But , a user who says a movie is " fantastic " could generate an excellent review that really does not reflect the user 's intent if he or she meant it sarcastically , Lotem Peled , chief data scientist for Gong , tells Fortune . The problem is that " input may be sarcastic but output is not sarcastic , " she adds . She therefore created a neural network , basically a system that collects conversational data and automatically tries to make sense of it , without programmers having to intervene much . Any sort of AI project needs to test its theories and hypothesis , so Peled built her own data set from a massive number of tweets over the past few months . During the lead up to the U.S. presidential election , there was " lots of sarcasm out there " to work with , she joked . Peled is interested in researching problems where AI technology still lags human intelligence . " AI is very advanced in some aspects , but in terms of understanding human nuances it 's still pretty far off . " She conducted research at Technion Israel Institute of Technology , and now Gong is incorporating it in its own software . By getting a better handle on what people really mean , Gong thinks it can help do some very pragmatic things like helping sales people close more deals . To accomplish that , Gong records phone or online conversations between sales people and customers or would - be customers . By analyzing information about who speaks longer -- the buyer or seller -- as well as pauses in the conversation , along with how many deals get done , Gong says it can help sales teams sell better . Gong technology can thus be used in conjunction with business software from Salesforce and other companies , she noted , that teams use to track sales and target potential customers . " It 's not quantitative but qualitative data , " said Peled , whose project , which she calls the " Sarcasm Sentimental Interpretation GeNerator " ( SIGN ) , is detailed here . Basically , Peled 's system looks at conversations and parses not only words for what is positive or negative as well as pauses between speakers and words . then it maps the conversations to sales outcomes . Did this chat lead to an additional sale or not ? To be fair , virtually every software company , including Salesforce , Microsoft , Google and others are talking a lot about integrating AI smarts into their products . Gong 's secret sauce thus far appears to be its ability to suss out sarcasm . Above : Gong relies on artificial intelligence to detect sarcasm . There are also important noncommercial uses for this research . Improving AI 's understanding of sarcasm could help people with autism or Asperger 's syndrome , who often have difficulty discerning whether others are being sarcastic , by cuing them in to the meaning of what people say to them . There are other nuances that AI could address better as well . For example , knowing when words are meant literally or figuratively can avoid a lot of problems . Anyone who remembers the late , great Get Smart sitcom of the 1960s may recall that Hymie the Robot was overly literal . When someone told Hymie to " kill the lights , " for example , Hymie would shoot out the lights . This story originally appeared on Fortune.com . Copyright 2017
As an entrepreneur involved with two highly successful full - stack technology businesses , I spent fifteen years curiously wondering how venture capitalists make decisions . When I was n't focused on delivering value to customers and employees , I focused on how I could demonstrate that value to VCs in order to raise capital . Often the process felt like it was shrouded in mystery -- conjuring images of tribal gatherings , Shark Tank - like voting sessions and perhaps an Ouija board or two . Even after I secured capital with several of the best firms , I still felt like an element of luck was involved . Now that I find myself on the other side of the table after founding my own VC firm , the mystery has been revealed . In short , I have discovered that successfully presenting your company is a skill that can be learned by understanding the venture capitalist point of view , and gaining clarity into the VC approach is different from understanding how to be an entrepreneur . The biggest difference between an entrepreneur and a venture capitalist comes down to mindset . Entrepreneurs specifically tend to take an insider 's view of their business and then extrapolate that view to the market while venture capitalists do the opposite -- take in the market landscape first . Understanding this difference is the key to securing critical capital necessary to keep dreams afloat . The following chart illustrates what those views look like in practice : The differences are subtle but important . Entrepreneurs that understand these framing devices can modify their approach to raising capital by crafting a compelling story that appeals to investors ' practical market sensibilities . A winning story should address all of the following aspects : SP 1 . Be conservative and detailed when you talk about the market you 're addressing . Spend a significant amount of time thinking about who exactly will be your customers , making sure to differentiate between total available market , serviceable available market and serviceable obtainable market . Be accurate and realistic . 2 . Give VCs a balanced view about potential competition . Do n't just make a simple competitive landscape grid that magically depicts your business in the upper right quadrant . Instead , think deeply about current and future competitors , and show that your company has a plan to handle competitors as well as to discourage substitutes . Explain why you are winning today and why you will continue to win tomorrow . 3 . Give VCs a view into the customer 's mindset . Why are customers buying your product and how satisfied are they ? What steps are you taking to maintain or increase that satisfaction ? Explain to us what your average customer is thinking as they buy and use your product . 4 . Help us understand how you are building your team . We ' ve already read your biographies and know about your past work experience but we are looking for more context . Be prepared to tell us why your current team is relevant to your strategy and talk openly about future executive needs . 5 . Spend time on key business metrics , not just financials . Financials are helpful , but at an early stage , money may not be the best indication of future success . Focus instead on spelling out the key unit economics that will be crucial to financial success as your business grows , such as gross margins , the cost of customer acquisition , and the lifetime value of a customer . 6 . Be thoughtful about what could go wrong - both internally and externally . My favourite question to ask is a simple one . Let 's say we are in a bar , two years from now , drowning our sorrows because this business failed ... what happened ? Think about external factors and internal factors . This is n't being negative , it is being thoughtful and showing a critical mindset about how you will grow and expand your business and what obstacles you imagine you will have to overcome to do so . 7 . Passion might not win the day , but it is incredibly important . If you , as the entrepreneur , are not personally convinced that the idea you are pursuing is worth every waking moment of your professional life than you can not expect others to get excited either . VCs are looking at both the idea and the entrepreneur 's personal commitment to making an idea a success . Do not underestimate how critical your passion , commitment and enthusiasm is to making your dream a reality . An entrepreneur 's job is to educate potential investors Any presentation that follows all of the above guidelines will help to close the massive information gap between an entrepreneur and a source of capital . Too often , entrepreneurs feel like venture capitalists " just do n't get it , " but this idea usually stems from the fact that no one has done a thorough job of explaining it to them . VCs ' tough questions or reticent attitudes are often just ways to push entrepreneurs to give a more comprehensive and outward - facing view . An entrepreneur who gives potential investors what they want understands better how investors evaluate potential and assess risk . If you can show us that you understand and appreciate our interests and the VC point of view , we will be more eager to work with you to help you grow and improve your business in ways that appeal to the market . Feature image : Michael Pollak via Flickr . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Entrepreneurship
Adam Berry / Getty Images Facebook wants to grab a big chunk of the $ 70 billion - plus US TV ad market . The opportunity is clear . Even as the social network 's advertising business has exploded , driven by small and mid - sized companies , major brand advertisers -- that is companies that sell soda and cereal and razor blades and beer -- have historically spent the largest portions of their budgets on TV ads . Break in to TV advertising , and billions of dollars could flow to Facebook . The challenge for the tech giant is breaking old habits and fending off resistance from suspicious media companies . Despite the ongoing decline in live TV viewing , large swaths of marketers ' budgets have remained stubbornly locked up in TV advertising . And for the most part , TV advertising is controlled by TV companies . That leaves tech platforms like Facebook with a few options if they want to jam their way into the TV ad world . They can : It 's the latter route that Facebook has chosen . The company aspires to help TV companies sell ads using their sophisticated digital ad tech and robust data . The focus is on ads that are delivered when people watch content on their TVs via apps , ranging from individual TV networks apps to services that aggregate content from multiple networks . People in the TV business refer to this as " OTT " or " over the top " viewing , where consumers get their TV via a device like a Roku or Chromecast , rather than through a set - top cable box . Facebook is facing some resistance , however , and its OTT ad play is a work in progress . Meanwhile , rivals such as Amazon , Google and Hulu , a joint venture between Walt Disney Co. , 21st Century Fox , Comcast 's NBC , Universal and Time Warner , will be well positioned to experiment with more sophisticated TV ad tactics later this year . The stakes are high . The faster that one of these tech companies can establish that it is the one that can bring innovation to TV advertising , the more TV partners it is likely to land and more advertisers it will be able to work with . An early foothold will theoretically make it a lot harder for other tech to gain real traction in the TV ad ecosystem . Last November , Recode reported that Facebook had kicked off a small test with a handful of partners , including Roku , A+E Networks and the startup Tubi TV . Ad buyers say that while those test have continued , the amount of ad inventory available remains limited , and Facebook has moved at a deliberate pace . Facebook has focused on " OTT ads , " or ads that appear as people stream TV on apps via connected TVs using devices like Rokus or Apple TVs . While a huge chunk of viewing on web - connected TVs is driven by non - ad supported content ( Netflix , Amazon , HBO , etc . ) , the ad tech company Videology recently issued a report that found the number of ad campaigns including some amount of OTT ad inventory ' jumped sixfold over the past two years . For example , last summer NBCU saw big increases in people streaming the Olympics via connected TVs . But i t 's not clear just how aggressive Facebook is actually being when it comes to trying to land more TV partners for this initiative . " It 's been more noise than action , " said an ad buyer . " There is no real Facebook TV right now . " Apple Several major TV companies said they ' ve yet to even hear from Facebook about this program , for example . One ad industry insider said that Facebook appears to have hit a wall when it comes to getting more big media companies to sign on . That 's because many traditional media firms view Facebook with suspicion , given its dominance in digital advertising , where some see monopolistic practices . And in general , TV ad companies , despite cord - cutting and declining ratings , do n't typically have trouble selling ads in their top shows and do n't like the idea of a third party selling their ad space . " We 'll never let them sell our stuff , " said one top TV ad sales exec . Traditionally , TV networks have sold ads during live breaks , and these ads reach the entire country at once . But theoretically , as more people stream TV using apps or cable - alternative services like DirecTV Now , advertisers can show different ads to different people , much like they do on websites . The idea with this test is that Facebook could sell TV ad space to a wider swath of advertisers , and potentially individual viewers could receive more targeted ads . For example , Facebook could show different ads to men and women watching the same TV content within a network 's app , or show specific ads to groups like people likely to be in the market for a new car . Given what Facebook knows about its users ' characteristics and interests , it should theoretically be pretty good at this sort of thing . " Of all the digital platforms , they do the best to use their data for relevant advertising , " said Tracey Scheppach , a veteran ad buyer who is now CEO of the consultancy Matter More Media . But Scheppach also gets why TV networks are resistant . " It 's a recipe for that behemoth to control too much data . " So far , Facebook 's OTT ad rollout seems to be slow going . Yet Facebook is hiring more people for the initiative and wants to demonstrate the potential of the medium early on before rolling it out more widely , according to someone familiar with the matter . " Our initial testing started six months ago , " said a Facebook spokesperson . " It 's still very early . Scale will come soon enough . " Amazon , Google and Hulu are positioned to race ahead , in contrast . Fox Sports Amazon will be free to experiment with more digital - like ads during live NFL games this year . The same can be said for Google , as its fledgling YouTube TV streaming services reaches more market . In both cases , those companies control roughly two minutes of commercial time per hour . Hulu has long employed more web - like targeting when it delivers ads to people using its on - demand service . Going forward , as Hulu signs up people for its $ 40 per month 50-channel service , it will be able to play around with more digital ad tactics . Theoretically , these companies could leap ahead of Facebook as more web - like TV ad targeting evolves . Of course , Facebook is known for biding it 's time and then going big on an initiative . Some inside the social network have likened this to when the company planned its push into mobile a few years ago before quickly becoming a dominant mobile player . There 's a big difference of course between mobile , where Facebook controlled its own product , and TV , where it does not . TV is fundamentally a different business , one that can be unwelcoming to outsiders . " I think it 's gon na be hard , " said one ad tech executive . " People are scared of Facebook . "
Many an Australian has a vivid memory of sitting in a classroom without aircon during summer , trying to ignore the sweaty complaints about the weather from their pungent classmates . SP After Kevin Rudd aroused media attention last week , funding for aircon in schools across Australia has become a hot topic for debate , particularly for areas dealing with low school budgets and government support . SP To help schools fundraise for items like aircon , or more importantly educational resources , Sydney startup CommPow has developed an ecommerce platform directed at teachers and parents that donates a percentage of their purchases made through partner retailers towards their chosen school . Through an online platform which showcases both online and offline deals , Commpow helps buyers save on everyday essentials such as electronics , groceries , energy , finance and fitness . Based on the vendor , a small cut of each purchase will go directly to a school to help them finance resources and facilities . Helmed by Sam Lambooy , Alex Saros , and Matt King , CommPow was founded as a way to help the young entrepreneurs give back to the school community , particularly staff and parents , by providing them an accessible way to help improve a child 's education . " It 's not about redirecting where people spend their money , but rather giving them an option to spend more wisely while supporting their schools , " said Saros . SP For Saros , who is also studying to become a secondary school teacher , developing the platform meant paving a way to ensure that every child has the best access to education . " This is a incidental way to ensure that children have access to resources and have a greater equality of resources too , across Australia , " said Saros . Spanning across multiple industries , the startup has partnered with brands such as Fitness First , Hotels Combined , Harvey Norman , Mortgage Support , Energy Australia and WhatIf to develop a bundle of deals across their product or service ranges . " We 're also in conversations with other vendors in the fuel , teleco , and food and grocery spaces , " said Lambooy . As for partnering schools , Lambooy said the business has worked its way towards onboarding over forty schools within the Broken Bay diocese , offering teachers and staff who go their access to the platform . " We all went to a college in Brookvale , which was one of the first to come on board . Then we used group buying powers . The larger amount of schools behind us , the bigger vendors and discounts we can negotiate , " he added . To help extend their reach further , the business has also partnered with Flexischools , an ecommerce platform , for in - school purchases such as uniforms , excursions , and canteen food . Lambooy said CommPow has also sided with AIME , an education program that supports Indigenous students , to help reach Indigenous schools and help them raise money for education . When a user signs up for a platform , they create an account by filling out basic details and selecting which school they 're connected to . Users can then access an online dashboard , with tabs that break the online products up into categories , much like a traditional ecommerce store . However , selecting on a particular brand takes users to a " co - branded portal " featuring all the available product deals , with Lambooy saying that users are able to save up to twenty five percent on a full - priced purchase . SP " The dashboard also works with the vendor data to chart how much money a user 's saved , how much they ' ve contributed to the school , and how much the school 's raised in total , " said Lambooy . There are offline deals too , which Lambooy said currently serve local businesses such as cafes around the Manly area . SP " The parents get either a physical or electronic membership card , that allows them to get discounts . The businesses pay a fee to appear on the platform , " said Saros . SP With only Manly on the chart , Lambooy said the business will look to scale the " hyper - localised " side of the business across Australia . SP A local merchant joining CommPow will pay a monthly fee following a three month trial period . This payment fee is then split equally between the startup and the local schools . SP As for the online sales , Lambooy said the cut the startup and school receive varies based on the vendor . Often , CommPow will receive a referral fee from each purchase while is then split " fifty - fifty " with the business and the school . Although the platform is predominantly targeted at staff and parent purchases , Saros said CommPow will also work with schools who want to make larger scale purchases , working with partners such as Harvey Norman to get a school a cheaper price on laptops , for example . SP Currently , the startup is bootstrapped by the three cofounders , with Lambooy saying they 're in discussions with investors at the moment to access seed funding . Lambooy added that he wants to see a strong social impact emerging from the platform , an impact which can then be used to pivot the business nationally . SP " Growing for us means fostering relationships with schools , which takes time , and trust is a big factor . In a year or so , we 'll definitely look to how we can scale that impact , " he said .
Every tech trend piece relies on a few buzzwords -- the Internet of Things , Fintech , or blockchain , for instance . But over time , those terms become a little less relevant . Remember when we only listened to non - music audio on iPods ? We still have't come up with a better term for " podcasts . " In 2017 , tech trends are moving as fast as ever , and more than a few well - established bits of jargon are n't quite as useful as they used to be . Speaking as a frequent tech trend writer -- seriously , I just published one earlier today -- I ' ve managed to isolate a few examples . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Given that CES is this week , now seems like a great time to try redefining a few of the new year 's big tech concepts . Here 's a look at how two industry focuses are shifting in 2017 . The Internet of Things , or IoT , is a term that refers to internet - connected versions of daily household appliances like a smart fridge or a thermostat that connects to your smartphone . But reducing these improvements to their internet connection misses the biggest change coming up : AI . The replacement term , " intelligent things , " aims to describe devices that rely on AI as well as an internet connection to improve the services they provide . But do n't take my word for it . Here 's what the research firm Gartner had to say about it : " As intelligent things , such as drones , autonomous vehicles and smart appliances , permeate the environment , Gartner anticipates a shift from stand - alone intelligent things to a collaborative intelligent things model . " Jeremy Waite , Marketing Evangelist at Watson Marketing EMEA , offered the followng prediction in IDM 's 10 Key Marketing Trends for 2017 report . I covered it earlier , but the shift in terms is worth focusing on : " I believe that the smartest executives in 2017 will be more focused on making sense of the data they already have versus trying to capture more of it . The vast majority of organizations ( 88 percent by some accounts ) do n't even share their own customer data between their own sales and marketing departments , so this is the real battleground . Aim to find insights , behaviors and buying patterns in the data you have , rather than just trying to capture more leads and email addresses . " This shift highlights the direction that all user engagement is going in 2017 , from mobile to social media networks : Away from massive scale and towards a higher engagement with a specific , often niche community online . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
Ve Interactive 's new CEO Martin Tonnesen . Ve Interactive , Ve Interactive , once considered a UK tech " unicorn " worth at least PS1 billion , was sold to its management for just PS2 million , according to an update from one of its investors . Media and tech investor Concha , which paid PS4 million for a 0.43% stake in Ve Interactive last March , issued an update to its shareholders where it said its board was " deeply disappointed " by the company 's decline in recent months . It said the value of its investment in Ve Interactive had been " eliminated . " Concha wrote in its update : " [ As ] part of a pre - packaged arrangement , the business and assets of Ve were sold to Rowchester Limited for a cash consideration of PS2 m , payable in instalments over a 12 month period ending April 2018 . " Concha has previously said it and other shareholders were considering a challenge to the deal . In its update , the company added that it would " continue to investigate the actions of those responsible for its demise . " Ve Interactive is an online ad business that was once billed as a successful UK startup , but went into administration last month after failing to raise PS20 million in new funding . Its founding CEO David Brown stepped down in March , and the company went into administration in April . Its core business was rescued by its management team in a pre - pack administration deal , leaving appointed administrators Smith & Williamson to find a way to pay off Ve 's creditors . The buyout was led by a consortium called Rowchester Limited , which is made up of Ve Interactive 's new management team . That includes new CEO Martin Tonnessn and COO David Marrinan - Hayes . The Telegraph reported last month that Ve Interactive owed PS1.3 million in tax before its collapse .
On the back of the news that Wing Venture Capital has closed its second fund , to the tune of $ 250 million , venture capital is once again under the spotlight . At the end of November , the U.K. government also focused heavily on the industry as part of its August Statement , with plans to invest PS2 billion into science and tech innovation , as well as a plan to invest PS400 million via the British Business Bank into VC funds for growth capital . Interestingly , the U.K. 's Autumn Statement was also laced with new funds and investment strategies around infrastructure . So why is it important to invest via VCs , and do they add value further to the money they invest into a growth business ? Furthermore , what role do physical transport links play in terms of business success and innovation in this , the digital age ? Seemingly , in this very modern and digital world to which most developed societies are now accustomed , there are all manner of different mediums by which to connect , communicate , share knowledge and even send physical objects , in the guise of 3D printers , without need for physical transfer or transport . So surely enhanced physical transport links will have little impact , right ? Wrong . Research we undertook over the last year was trying to empirically prove or disprove the idea that venture capital investors actually added value further to the capital they invested . We undertook the study predominantly in the U.S. , with U.S. businesses and U.S. investors , looking at how direct flights increased face to face interaction between investors and portfolio , and how that in turn impacted those businesses ' probability of success and innovation . The results were really quite interesting . Our research showed that better infrastructure links between investors and portfolio , in the shape of a new direct airline route in this instance , led to an increase in face to face interactions between investors and portfolio businesses due to the comparative time and cost saved . The results for those portfolio with increased face to face time highlighted that the number of patents filed rose by three percent , and the citations per patent rose by almost 6 percent , indicating an increased quantity and quality of innovation . Furthermore , the probability that those portfolio would IPO or achieve a successful exit also increased . By controlling the impact of " local shocks , " we confirmed that pre - existing trends were not driving these results and that VCs really are adding value to their investments . Therefore , we were able to empirically prove that venture capital investors do add value to their investments further to the cash injection they are able to provide . How each VC does this will be specific to their skill sets and relationships , but most will be able to offer sound advice and support due to their own business acumen , and open doors to which startup founders may not have access . Furthermore , the research also highlighted the importance of face to face interactions for businesses , even in this digital age when video calls and emails are seen to be more efficient ways of doing business . In the case of our U.S .- centric study , the introduction of direct flights were effective in increasing these interactions . In the U.K. , and other , less expansive , nation states , direct flights are less feasible in terms of intra - city travel , but enhanced transport links such as high - speed trains could have a big impact on increasing these interactions , and , in turn , the success and innovative nature of their growth businesses . In light of Brexit , it is interesting to see the U.K. investing heavily in infrastructure , whilst other European hubs , which already have access to things such as high - speed rail , namely Germany and France , jostle to take the U.K. 's crown as the European king of startups and venture capital . With other European nations , such as Sweden and Portugal , also working hard to support their blooming tech and investment ecosystems , it is no secret how important innovation , high - growth businesses and their VCs are to the economies of nation - states . These businesses and technologies are the future , but a good old - fashioned face to face should not be overlooked , especially with VC investors .
Do we expect you to read every single story that Tech . Co publishes every week ? Of course not ! That would be absurd , particularly because we know how busy you are and how many articles we publish on a weekly basis . Fortunately , consolidation is our middle name , which is why we have put together an easy - to - click list of some of the top stories from the past week . Whether you 're getting excited about SXSW or just want to find out what 's happening with all that climate change data , we ' ve got you covered . Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here .
SiFive is pioneering a new model in the semiconductor business and to do so has raised $ 8.5 million in a second round of funding , led by Spark Capital . San Francisco - based SiFive is on a mission to democratize access to custom silicon chip designs . The company 's founders invented RISC - V , a free and open instruction set architecture for modern microprocessors . It consists of all of the software instructions needed to program a microprocessor based on the RISC - V architecture . And SiFive is taking that architecture and making it easy to design the custom variants that companies need . So far , the RISC - V foundation has 60 member companies , including Google , HP Enterprise , Microsoft , IBM , Qualcomm , NVIDIA , Samsung , Microsemi , and others . SiFive has developed its Coreplex IP ( intellectual property ) that others can license as they design their own processors and computing systems based on RISC - V. Osage University Partners and existing investor Sutter Hill Ventures also participated in the funding round . The new funds bring the total investment in SiFive to $ 13.5 million . SiFive founders Krste Asanovic , Yunsup Lee , and Andrew Waterman created RISC - V as a new instruction set architecture ( ISA ) , just as Intel and ARM have their own ISA . But rather than having just one company own the ISA , the RISC - V creators made their ISA open and free to use . They monetize it through customization and support , much like Linux companies do with their open source operating systems . Above : SiFive founders Yunsup Lee ( left ) , Krste Asanovic ( middle ) , Andrew Waterman ( right ) . In the first six months of availability , more than 1,000 HiFive1 software development boards have been purchased and delivered to developers in over 40 countries . Additionally , the company has engaged with multiple customers across its IP and system - on - a - chip ( SoC ) products , and it started shipping the industry 's first RISC - V SoC in November 2016 . " At Spark Capital , we believe technology is the great equalizer . SiFive 's singular goal of putting custom chips into the hands of everyone from startups to exploratory design teams to inventors with a healthy crowdfunding campaign resonates with our core values , " said Todd Dagres , general partner at Spark Capital , in a statement . " We are excited at the potential for SiFive to enable new and emerging sectors to bring innovative solutions to market that might otherwise never see the light of day . " Members of the RISC - V foundation and third - party open source contributors are actively contributing to a maturing stable of software and tools . SiFive maintains an easy to install tool chain , software development kit , and other support necessary for customers to design and make their own RISC - V chips . In July 2016 , SiFive launched its Freedom Everywhere platform -- designed for microcontroller , embedded , Internet of Things , and wearable applications -- and its Freedom Unleashed platform , for machine learning , storage , and networking applications . SiFive was recognized as the Startup of the Year by the 2016 ACE Awards and was recognized by the Linley Group 's Analyst Choice Awards . The team has also created a textbook to teach students about computer architecture . Above : HiFive1 development board sells for $ 59 . Earlier this month , SiFive launched its Coreplex IP and announced a growing ecosystem of partners , including Faraday , Microsemi , and United Design Systems , who are making SiFive 's Coreplex IP available to their customers . The company nearly tripled its employee base in the past year , adding leaders from Altera , ARM , Atmel , Cadence Design Systems , Cisco , Intel , Juniper , Marvell , Nvidia Qualcomm , Synopsys , and Xilinx . " We are energized by the partnerships we have forged with our investors and their strong belief in SiFive 's mission , " said Jack Kang , the company 's vice president of product and business development , in a statement . " This investment will enable our continued growth for years to come and will allow SiFive to further establish that alternatives really matter in an era where traditional silicon vendors no longer are the most innovative in the industry . "
You know when you set up a website and you add a Google Analytics tracker to see how many visitors you have ? What you 're actually doing is giving Google and other parties access to your stats and users . Sure there are privacy protections in place and things are n't all that bad but what if your website or app is particularly sensitive ? Then you use something like Piwik or , now , Piwik Pro . Piwik is a completely free and open source analytics software akin to Webalizer , the analytics tool of choice for websites circa 1999 . Piwik Pro an implementation of the product for enterprises and the name sounds like " little beer " in Polish , which is also pretty exciting . Created by Maciej Zawadzinski and Piotr Korzeniowski , Piwik Pro is a proudly Polish product and is quite popular with the security conscious set . They recently raised capital from the Warsaw Equity Group to bring out a new " marketing technology suite that will provide data - sensitive companies with 100% control of their data and compliance with privacy regulations . " " Piwik PRO is developing a comprehensive marketing technology stack , which includes web and mobile analytics , a data management platform , tag management , and content personalization . This marketing suite will provide any enterprise or organization 100 percent data ownership and privacy compliance in an on - premise or cloud environment , " said Zawadzinski . Zawadzinski started one of the first blog advertising platforms in Poland and sold two companies before doubling down on Piwik Pro . Korzeniowski worked at HP and KPMG . They are currently supplying analytics fro Hewlett - Packard , Accenture , Government of Netherlands , and the European Commission . This is one of the largest investments in the region to date - I ' ve been following things over there for a while and funding is hard in Central Europe - and it points to a way forward for tech - savvy and privacy - leaning startups in Poland and all Mitteleuropa . Privacy , as they say , is pretty important .
Ventureburn and Splash conducted an interview with The Foschini Group 's ( TFG ) CIO , Brent Curry , which revealed many insights into what TFG and startups are producing . It 's also particularly important to note his insights as they might be a way for entrepreneurs to bring their product to a large market . To date , TFG has partnered with tech startups such as Wumdrop and Pargo which brought about TFG 's Deliver 2 Me service while also allowing customers to choose a convenient collection point for their items . " We know that exceptional tech talent usually prefers working in the edgier startup space , rather than at a big corporate where their freedom and creativity is more likely to be stifled . So working with startups enables us to access that very scarce talent , " said Curry . " We are always focused on working with black - owned businesses as part of our enterprise development programme , " he continued . He also went on to explain how startups ' pricing in regards to their solution is attractive to big corporations such as TFG . Startups are also able to add new functionalities quicker compared to larger organisations . " We also explore opportunities with startups in the tech space , because they have innovative ideas and are fired up by their product or service . Often they are not market - ready , but their entrepreneurial spirit means they are open to Intellectual Property input from TFG to transform their concept into a real - world solution , " said Curry . Working in the startup sector means you 're probably more than likely to hear about the risks of working with big corporations . Which is why it 's refreshing to hear another perspective , that is , the risks big corporations face when dealing with startups . " We have no challenges per se , however being a big corporate we have a lot of governance and have to fill out all the right forms , but startups do n't want to work this way . So we drop some of these requirements , to ensure we get products out quicker as solutions , " said Curry . Read more : Banking on ecommerce growth in SA -- Q&A with The Foschini Group 's Brent Curry He adds that working with startups is somewhat of a calculated risk for big corporations . But TFG mitigates those risks by working closely with the startups during the development process . The partnership between TFG and tech startups is that of a symbiotic one . Curry mentioned that in certain cases the company would bring startups on site , providing them with office space . In return , the accompanied startups would provide TFG with their services . TFG would also offer IP to partnering startups . " Startups are not always business ready , but we understand how the business works and can identify the value proposition , " said Curry . The corporation not only provides startups with IP but also coaching and strategic input on how to price any products and services as well as how to commercialise any concepts . " In many cases , we ' ve even directed them to venture capitals and funding companies to grow their business , " said Curry . He elaborated on this aspect , using Wigroup as an example . TFG 's investing network helped Wigroup grow into a medium - sized business , according to Curry . Some might think that corporates steer clear of accelerators and tech hubs , but most C - level executives keep a close ear to the ground regarding startups . Read more : 10 defining moments that shaped the 2016 SA startup ecosystem " A friend chairs the Young Entrepreneur Organisation and will encourage me to meet with potential partners in the tech sector , " said Curry . C - level executives such as Curry also attend international and local tech conferences to find innovative startups . During a recent trip to Mobile World Congress held in Barcelona , Curry managed to find attractive startups . " We made many connections and we will be trialling some of those potential solutions , as they are looking to partner with companies like TFG to take their product to market , " he said . TFG also hosts a DevFest in the IT sector . The corporate would pose a problem which the developers would try and solve . The company then awards a monetary prize for the team with the best solution . Curry went on to say that the DevFest is open to both internal staff as well as outside participants . The partnership programme is currently undergoing changes , with more effort being put into TFG 's ecommerce site . The corporation is also looking into including mobile wallets for customers , said Curry . His final thoughts drifted toward Cape Town being a key player in Africa 's startup scene . " Cape Town is a great incubator for startups because the universities and other training institutions put out really good talent . Cape Town is also home to a number of large corporations , with the retail sector primarily based in the city so you do n't need to move to Johannesburg to work in this space . "
In what is clearly a marketing ploy from workspace rental service Breather , the company is launching a Chrome plug - in called the " Nope Button . " The idea here , according to the company , is to help people avoid distractions in the office , even if they ca n't reserve a private Breather to get some alone time . With open work spaces becoming the standard in startup offices ( and elsewhere ) , it can be really easy to get pulled into a thousand different conversations over the course of the work day . The Nope Button aims to save you from that . Here 's how it works : Users can install the Nope Button as a Chrome plug - in , which will in turn ask for the user 's cell phone number . After that , a big Nope button will display right in their browser . When someone from the office approaches with a new task or distraction , users can simply press the Nope button . Upon pressing " Nope , " the service will automatically place a call to the given phone number , offering the user an ' out ' from that conversation and a way to get back on track . I ' m told that the transcript of the phone call is inspired by that iconic scene in the Matrix . Here is the transcript : Hello , on the count of 3 put your hand to your mouth in alarm as if you 're hearing bad news . Do n't look sad just look concerned . 1 , 2 , 3 . At this point , your colleagues may be staring at you . Wave them off and point at the phone so they look away . They 're still looking ? Okay . Fake some laughter , roll your eyes and shrug at them with a smile . They 'll get the hint . Still looking ? Fine . Repeat these works after me in a serious , concerned tone : " Yes , of course I can talk now . What 's the matter ? " Works ever time . Now it appears you 're having trouble focusing at work . If this is true then I have a place for you . But first I have to ask , is that what you really want ? A Breather is safe quiet space away from all the madness of open office plans and daily distractions . I have a code so you can use it . Whether you use it is up to you . The code is N - O - P - E. You can use it for a discount at Breather.com . Good luck . A few problems : If your boss or supervisor pops up behind your desk to ask a question , and you keep clicking away at your browser , that might not be a great thing to do . If your boss or supervisor is trying to talk to you about something and you choose to answer your phone over having that conversation , that may also present a problem . And finally , if your phone rings every single time someone comes up to talk to you , folks around the office might start to figure out that you 're playing around with a Chrome plug - in to avoid them . That said , Breather is thinking outside the box when it comes to marketing . This is a fun way to build up awareness of the Breather service , and if it did n't cost much by way of money or engineering resources , it 's potentially more clever than a subway ad or the like .
Real estate may not be the sexiest industry , technologically speaking , but it sure does generate capital . Brendan Wallace and Brad Greiwe are tackling this sleeping giant by making multi - stage investments in real estate technology through their VC firm , Fifth Wall Ventures . The firm came out of stealth mode today and announced the close of its first fund , worth $ 212 million . The thirty - something year old managing partners have considerable experience in the sector -- working in the real estate branches of The Blackstone Group , Goldman Sachs , and UBS and founding startups that include Identified , which was acquired by Workday , and Invitation Homes , which recently exited on the public markets . Both Wallace and Greiwe saw an opportunity in real estate investments , especially after the 2008 crash . " The world changed , " said Wallace , in an interview with VentureBeat . " And we did n't really see any focused VC funds in this sector . " Enter Fifth Wall Ventures -- the name alludes to the fifth " disruptive " wall the firm provides in addition to the four physical walls of a building . Above : Brad Greiwe and Brendan Wallace . founders of Fifth Wall Ventures . Founded in 2016 , the Los Angeles - based firm has made seven investments to date , worth $ 60 million . Deals include b8ta , Clutter , Notarize , and Opendoor . Both Wallace and Greiwe believe their edge lies in their inverse approach to investing . " Most firms adopt a bottom - up strategy , looking at startups and speculating on their success , " said Greiwe . " We use a top - down approach by talking to the largest incumbents in real estate and discussing what technologies they would adopt . " The founders chose to enlist some real estate owners as limited partners ( LPs ) . These include individuals from CBRE , Equity Residential , Lennar , Macerich , and Prologis . When asked if they are collaborating with any Trump - related businesses , the founders were clear : " He 's not that big of an owner in real estate . We ' ve chosen larger owners of real assets . " They admit , however , that President Trump 's announcement about wanting to spend money rebuilding the U.S. 's physical infrastructure is interesting for them in terms of being able to influence what that infrastructure would look like . With Snapchat 's recent success , Los Angeles seems to be welcoming a new wave of startups and VC funds . Wallace argues that not only is there an interesting VC scene taking shape in LA , it 's also a strategic hub for real estate . " Silicon Valley had a near monopoly on innovation 10 years ago , " said Wallace . " Today , however , innovation is happening everywhere . " Fifth Wall Ventures currently has nine employees .
If you haven't heard , SXSW is one of the hottest events of the year for entertainment fans , technology enthusiasts , and startups of all shapes and sizes . Whether it be the endless networking opportunities , the electric atmosphere of Austin , or the mountains of free food and drink , people from around the world travel to the Texas city for a more than a week of excitement . And if you 're a budding startup that wants to get in on the action , now is your chance . Tech . Co is hosting their eighth annual Startup Night that will allow innovative startups to make their mark on the famous conference . For the last eight years , we ' ve mixed together the world 's brightest startups in a venue jam packed with technology enthusiasts , entrepreneurs , and investors . SP Tech . Co 's 2017 Startup Night promises to be our best time at SXSW ever . Tech . Co will be showcasing approximately 30 of the hottest startups from around the world at SXSW . The event will be filled with great conversation , giveaways , and of course cocktails . SP Past showcased startups at our events have gotten great feedback , immediate funding , new employees , and quality investors . Some have even be acquired thanks to this small event on one of the grandest stages in the world . Two startups from this year 's event will also win a fast track to the top 100 Semifinalists at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 . Are you interested in pitching your startup at Tech . Co 's Startup Night at SXSW ? Well , luckily for you , that 's totally possible ! By clicking here , you 'll be able to enter for your chance to pitch and demo your innovative idea for a panel of judges that will make your mouth water . The deadline for startups to apply is Monday , February 20th . The event takes place on Sunday , March 12th from 7 pm to 11:30pm at Maggie Mae 's in Austin , Texas . By clicking here , you can reserve your ticket for the event as an attendee , a volunteer , or a member of the press .
There is much to debate about the growth of Australia 's startup ecosystem , but it is a truth almost universally ( well , in Australia , at least ) acknowledged that the local fintech sector is doing well , bolstered by government support and corporate involvement . While most startups look to develop sophisticated products and services to tackle problems across every niche imaginable in the sector for savvy local consumers and companies , Perth fintech Peppermint Innovation thought there were significant opportunities to be found with those entirely new to banking . Founded by brothers Chris and Anthony Kain , who grew up in the small town of Narrogin , the company is providing mobile remittance services to the unbanked - those without a bank account - in the Philippines . Statistics show that around 70 percent of the almost 100 million - strong population in the Philippines is unbanked , for a number of reasons ; as Chris explained , some people do n't have enough ID to open an account , while the fact that the country is made up of thousands of islands , many of them rural , has also meant it 's difficult for banks to open enough branches to reach everyone . " Filipino cities present their own challenges . Some cities have 20 or 25 million people . While a bank branch might seem close geographically , traffic and public transport make it extremely difficult to get around the country . Paying your bills or going to the bank in person can take all day , and not everyone can afford to take that time off work , " he added . According to BusinessWorld , 2014 survey of 18,000 Filipino households found that the foremost reason cited by households for not having a deposit account was not having enough money to keep an account , with service fees or minimum deposits too high for some to afford ; a number of respondents also stated that they did not like dealing with financial entities , with trust in institutions low . Of course , relying on cash can lead to its own problems , with Chris pointing to data from the World Bank that found people who use cash only can lose up to 25 percent a year through misplacement or theft . " Relying on cash also prevents people from accessing loans which can help build small businesses and build the economy , and this is especially relevant for women , to whom 90 percent of microfinance lending is made , " Chris said . That 's where Peppermint comes in . The brothers in 2014 had travelled to the Philippines to look at TelUPay International , a mobile banking app whose developers had spent $ 9.5 million to deploy it through banks . " Long story short , the company was falling over , and the shareholders who had money in this company were going to get nothing back ; not to mention , their entire team was going to be out of a job , " Chris said . " And after all of that , this great idea , this great platform , would be just flapping loose . Well , we knew immediately that we had to take it on . " Taking on the team , Peppermint began to work on the creation of a platform that could provide the same basic services as the existing app to those without bank accounts . The result is MyWeps , a mobile remittance platform . " The idea is that the consumer can go to an agent , give them cash , and the agent then pays from their account to the payee , who might be an individual or a company . You can use it to pay bills or transfer money between people , " Chris explained . The remittance model is a popular one in the Philippines , with a number of services in particular set up to allow people to collect from an agent or collection centre money sent by relatives overseas ; these relatives can also pay their family 's bills . Focusing on the local market , Peppermint 's ' agents ' are sent to homes around the country , providing bill payments services to people without bank accounts across the Philippines . As well as a partnership with agent service 1Bro Global , which has 90,000 agents across the country , Peppermint recently partnered with Metro Gas Sales , a domestic gas bottle delivery company , to have its delivery drivers become Peppermint agents , enabling them to take payments from the customers they visit for a variety of household bills . Peppermint takes a small percentage fee on each transaction , paid by the consumer . This model can work , Chris believes , because while 70 million people in the Philippines do n't have a bank account , most have a mobile phone . " If you do n't have a bank account , your options for cashless transactions are really limited . Mobile wallets do exist , but most of these platforms require you to have a bank account , so these products just are n't accessible , " he said . " We learned fast that an agent model actually improved things , and created financial inclusion . A middleman actually made the service more convenient and accessible for a lot of people who might not have a smartphone yet , or who have mobile internet access in town but not at their home . It also creates accountability , a face , a representative to talk to if issues come up , which makes the service safer to use . " Of course , Peppermint also operates more ' traditional ' online banking apps for banks in the Philippines , currently being used by Metropolitan Bank and Trust , UnionBank , and UCPB . The company 's growth was pushed along by its ASX listing in December 2015 , a route Chris said he and brother Anthony took over venture capital as they were " attracted to the financial reporting discipline , the corporate governance regime and the continuous disclosure obligations required by the ASX " . With a foothold in the Philippines , the business is now looking to expand into other markets across Southeast Asia , with Bangladesh at the top of the list . Despite the growth of the fintech sector in markets like Australia and the US , Chris said Peppermint is happy " providing a real , tangible service that generates revenue " . " This is n't brand new tech , there 's other mobile payment operators around the world and we understand that . This would n't excite Silicon Valley , but our results are tangible and we 're making a difference in a market that requires it . "
Since 2014 , Maine Startup & Create Week has been celebrating and highlighting the emergent ecosystem of creativity and entrepreneurship in the state of Maine , which is rapidly becoming a destination for cord - cutters and grassroots business people . SP The completely volunteer - run Maine Startup & Create Week will kickoff this June 19 - 23 , and the schedule is packed with high - profile speakers . Marvin Ammori , a senior legal and business leader at Hyperloop One , is presenting the first keynote , while Felecia Hatcher , a White House Award winning entrepreneur and the founder of Code Fever and BlackTechWeek , is giving the second . Whatever your connection to Maine , the event promises to be an engaging , neuron - revving week . Watch our exclusive interview with Felecia Hatcher from SXSW here Kevin Thomas , Publisher and CEO of Maine Media Collective , started his business back in November 2016 and over the first 18 months of launching his business experienced many moment of failure , to the point that he asked himself " what have I done ? " In this interview , Kevin shares what he 's learned after 11 years in the magazine publishing and media business , what failure has taught him and some encouraging advice for founders getting it done everyday . SP Read more about startups in Maine here This video series brought to you in partnership with Maine Startup and Create Week ( MSCW ) and was produced by The Knack Factory . MSCW is a week long conference in Portland , Maine celebrating innovators , entrepreneurs & startups across Maine & the USA . This year MSCW is taking place June 19th-23rd 2017 . Learn more at mainestartupandcreateweek.com .
The tributes are flowing for Pollenizer , with the pioneering incubator yesterday telling staff and investors that it will officially be pulling up stumps in June . The Australian Financial Review reported that the decision to close was made as the organisation faced the fact it had not been able to find a sustainable business model . SP Pollenizer was founded in 2007 by Phil Morle and Mick Liubinskas , at the time Australia 's first incubator . Over the last few years , however , it had shifted to consulting and running workshops for larger organisations . The news comes just a few weeks after Pollenizer announced a new partnership with fintech company Pepper Money to launch a new incubator program . However , it seems the shift to consulting was n't sitting well with the team , the company having moved too far from its original entrepreneurial focus . SP Phil Morle , cofounder and chief executive of Pollenizer , told the AFR that while Pollenizer could have " continued indefinitely " as a boutique consulting business , everyone on the team is motivated to " do something huge and change the world somehow " . SP He said , " In the end we just could n't see the path to that , and now the important thing for me is that the amazing team around me get to move on and do amazing things . " The company will shut down at the end of the financial year ; according to the AFR it has been sizing down from 22 staff for a while in order to retain enough capital to assist its remaining group of startups - Lawpath , HiveXchange , Mezo , CohortIQ , and Spot - as planned . The challenge of finding a strong business model is one that Pollenizer was staring down for quite some time , with Morle explaining to Business Insider in 2013 that thought the organisation was bringing in $ 3 million in revenue , there was next to no profit . According to Morle , revenue barely covered Pollenizer 's operational costs , with the organisation providing office space and design , mentoring , and accounting services to its startups at cost price . The impending closure of Pollenizer raises the question of what a sustainable model looks like for incubator and accelerator programs , the number of which is seemingly growing every day . For corporate - driven Slingshot , sustainability has come thanks to the corporate partners is joins up with to run industry - specific programs . SP Cofounder Craig Lambert told Startup Daily last year , " We would n't run an open accelerator without that corporate involvement because that monetisation allows you to run a much more significant program . We pay mentors , we can put on better events , and we can invest a lot of that corporate money back into the startups . " With Liubinskas having left his day to day role at Pollenizer to join Telstra - backed accelerator program muru - D , Morle told the AFR he is now considering his next steps and hunting for his " moonshot project " , with the commercialisation of a software platform developed at Pollenizer a potential option . Pollenizer has been contacted for further comment .
In the midst of a chaotic week filled with overdue invoices and overflowing calendar invites , staying organised is not easy . Helping businesses navigate the chaos are a shelf of project management tools , a space mostly dominated by industry heavyweights like Asana and Trello . Another startup looking to enter the space is Avaza , a platform which looks to offer a cheaper , feature - packed alternative focused on helping medium businesses ( SMBs ) complete service - based work . As described by Avaza 's founder , Tim Kremer , the platform looks to be an " all - in - one solution " helping SMBs run their more efficiently . In particular , the platform offers tools for time tracking , expense reporting , quoting , invoicing and project management in one integrated product . Founded in 2014 , the integration - focused philosophy worked strongly for the startup , as it steadily grew without external funding from one user to serving roughly 15,000 across 150 countries , growth which Kremer credited to mindful budgeting and cost - free marketing methods . " We ' ve bootstrapped since inception . We believe if you can go as long as you can without seeking funding you 'll get a much better return on investment at whatever stage you do decide to sell equity . It 's something that 's also given us creative control over the business and helped take it in the direction we wanted , " he said . Kremer , who previously worked in the software consulting industry for 10 years , had first imagined Avaza following issues he was experiencing regarding collaboration and time - tracking while completing service work . " Often we found that collaborating on the projects and tracking our time then getting paid for that work was onerous , in that you 'd have lots of different systems being used all at once . There was [ also ] no way for your clients and yourself to see how productive the projects were and whether they were on track , " he said . Banding together with cofounder Behram Khan , former Head of Software at Channel 7 , the pair identified that these issues pertained to service - based work across all industries , opening the possibility to develop a profitable and relevant digital solution . Growing the startup at first was a " slow and steady " process according to Kremer , who said that Avaza faced the arduous challenge of going up against the aforementioned project management giants like Trello and Asana . Acknowledging the similarities between the existing solutions and Avaza , Kremer differentiated the platform at the point of it " going deep " into solving a business 's problem . " They 're generalist tools , " he said . " For example they 'll stop at basic task tracking , and do n't integrate a lot of the features that service businesses need , and that 's a massive portion of the economy . [ For example ] they do n't offer time tracking and invoicing features that these companies require . " Discussing the solutions in the market that do offer these features , Kremer said they 're typically " large products available only to really large companies " , costing a significant amount and requiring a steep learning curve . Avaza , he said , wants to be the more affordable and accessible option . " We ' ve tried to re - invent that technology for SMBs with a design that 's really easy to pick up and use . They start with utilisation reports , billable and unbillable time , profitability reports and whether a customer project was financially worth it or not . They 're the sort of tools that help you grow your business . " Sticking to a bootstrapped budget , the startup grew its customer base through listing on a number of " free marketplaces " , a move which the founder accounted to helping Avaza gain relevant exposure for no cost . " I think this comes back to bootstrapping , you want to get as many customers as possible without spending money , " he said . " And if you can encourage your customers to leave a few comments or ratings , you can elevate yourself in those stores for free and generate traffic that way . " When first accessing the Avaza platform , businesses are able to access a quick ' getting started ' tutorial to guide them through the essential functions , such as completing timesheets . Each component , including time tracking , invoicing and project management , is then split into separate spaces , like tabs , to avoid clutter . Similar to other project management tools in the market , the platform is able to integrate with a number of plugins , currently accessible to over 700 in the market such as accounting softwares syncs and calendar tools . Listing Avaza on global marketplaces meant the startup began accumulating global clients , something which Kremer said the business anticipated from the get - go by including international accessibility during development . This means Avaza supports multiple currencies and various freight exchange rates , as well as different language and number formatting . Having kept mostly in " stealth mode " so far , Kremer said the startup is now looking to get its name out there to facilitate growth , after deciding that the product had evolved to a strong point . The startup is now aiming to grow its local and international customer base through marketing and PR efforts while continuing to build outs its product .
Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) continues to be one of those areas of business that still puzzles entrepreneurs , both new and established , across the web . However , this is n't because there 's lack of information about it . On the contrary , there is far too much information floating around and , unfortunately a lot of it is false . SP And the most damaging notion that keeps making appearances is that SEO is dead and that any investment in this strategy is a waste of resources . This could n't be more wrong . It is understandable for new businesses looking to save money to fall quickly for such misinformed baits . With SEO being a relatively invisible tool and slow manifesting resource , it 's an easy target . This is especially true for tech oriented companies , particularly in countries like India , where despite the recent digital revolution , there are pockets where proliferation of awareness is still limited . SEO , however , is not dead . In fact , it 's much more robust and essential in the present marketing and business landscape across the world . Here are three of the most important reasons why you should make a wise and conscious investment in SEO , irrespective of the kind of company you are : It does n't matter whether you 're an ecommerce company , a tech startup or a spa ; chances are people are going to Google before opting for your services . It 's not just a matter of how well reviewed your services are . It 's about being found when someone searches online for the services you offer . Organic search traffic matters and it matters a lot . An intelligent , well thought out strategy , coupled with great user experience is bound to get you a higher traffic and in turn , a larger number of potential business leads . SEO is essential if you want to stay ahead of an increasingly aware and evolving competition . Investment in SEO may not seem to give you immediate returns . But it is an essential long term investment that you must make , if you want to stay in the game . Compared to most business investments , ROI with respect to your investments in SEO takes time to become apparent . But do n't get thrown off by the seemingly expensive upfront costs that SEO demands , because in the long run , SEO has been known to provide a fairly good ROI . These techniques are your gateway to a better organic search traffic , referral traffic , much higher visibility , and a viable brand reputation . And the best part is , if you continue to invest in SEO , the value it generates does n't remain static . It keeps growing and compounding across all verticals that it impacts One of the reasons why the whole " SEO is dead " thing keeps popping up now and again is because search engines like Google are evolving at a break neck speed . They 're getting better at evaluating content quality and user experience ; not mention their increasingly sophisticated ranking systems that seem to eliminate the possibility of gaming the system . The point is , none of this means search engine optimization is dead . These techniques continue to remain sound and effective . In fact , with the proliferation of alternative digital devices like mobile and change in user behavior , it has become more relevant than ever . However , one needs to understand that SEO in the current context can not and will not work as a throwaway tool . There has to be a consolidated strategy where SEO techniques are aligned with good , useful content and great user experience . SP
Jose Llorens . Jose LlorensJose Llorens worked at Google for over three years , eventually becoming creative lead at " The Zoo " -- Google 's creative think tank for brands and agencies . Llorens chose to leave Google in 2016 to write a novel . Here 's why : Last year I took the biggest decision of my career and left behind a life of comfort to venture into the unknown . I worked at Google 's creative think - tank , known as The Zoo , where my job consisted of playing with the latest technologies and finding creative ways of using them . From creating experiences in virtual reality , to interactive 360 videos or augmented reality coloring books , there was no limit to our imagination . Our working area was more like a playground than an office and we had access to every resource we needed to generate new ideas . If someone had told me when I was a student that I would have ended up there I would n't have believed it . Quite often , I 'd get contacted by people asking me how did I get the job and how could they join my team too , which reminded me how lucky I was . However , a few reasons led me to leave it all behind and embark in a new challenge : Writing a novel . In the age of globalism and connectivity it 's easy to be overwhelmed . We have in front of us the broadest range of choices to ever be available to humans , which means we need to make more decisions . There are so many roads to choose that we keep asking ourselves if the one we are walking is the best one . Is this the right career path ? What about changing countries again ? Is this my true vocation ? These were the common doubts that kept me awake at night . I envy my father on this , he 's an airline captain who knew since he was six years old that he wanted to fly airplanes , and now that he 's close to retiring he still enjoys every flight . I wish I had that , but there is n't one single job that will give me that boost . I have worn many hats already : Photographer , editor , art director , teacher , entrepreneur , freelancer , account manager , construction worker , public relations , creative director , barman , and extra in " Game of Thrones . " I enjoyed them all but I would n't do only one of those for the rest of my life and I ' ve realised that maybe I want to do everything . I wo n't be an expert on one thing but know a bit about many things . Therefore , learning to become a writer seemed like an interesting new thing to do . Working at Google was challenging , do n't get me wrong . You are surrounded by some of the smartest people around and overachievers that keep you in a constant state of stimulation . I had to sell ideas to big audiences , deal with C - level executives and come up with constant innovation . However , since it 's a huge company , if at the end of the presentation the client did n't buy the idea , you still get paid . Things can go wrong but you will get your salary and free meals , which is a good thing if you seek for stability , but misses the emotional rollercoaster of the entrepreneurs and self - workers , where your pay is strictly related to the outcome of your work . I had a good job and a network within tech and advertising , so I could have stopped pressing the gas pedal and relaxed to enjoy the ride , but my mind would n't let me rest . The idea of jumping into a new industry in which I had no contacts or knowledge seemed exciting enough just for the challenge of trying to succeed in a new discipline . Sometimes the brain is a sucker for drama . This is the dark side of advertising that we do n't want to think about so I 'll say it clearly : Advertising fosters consumerism and there 's no way around it . Even though our focus as creatives is to create beautiful and engaging content , the underlying goal most of the time is to increase sales . Sometimes you can do great work , and I got the chance to help NGOs that are fighting Alzheimer 's , cancer , and climate change , as well as produce work for companies and startups in whose products I believed in . But many others , you have to work for brands that might not be that appealing to you and advertise products that you do n't feel are that necessary to the world , because they pay too . In a time when we hear news every day about global warming , pollution , scarcity of resources , mass extinction of species and an increasing gap between the richest and the poorest , it 's hard not to realise that you are a part of the problem when you 're putting your efforts on stimulating consumerism and increasing sales . As small as my contribution was , I was a soldier in that war and could n't help to feel guilty for it . I ' m turning 30 this year , which means I ' m still young enough to make mistakes and fail , so I had to take the chance . In a few years I hope to be married and have kids , and in such a scenario I ca n't see myself going bankrupt or not bringing home an income for a long time , because my kids will be dependent on me and my partner , and I would n't gamble with their future . Now I ' m free in that sense . I can live anywhere in the world , be rich , be poor , it does n't matter as long as no one relies on my income , so this is the time to risk and win big , fail , or maybe just something in between and sell a few books . I remember when I quit my job that some of my older colleagues felt happy for me , but at the same time jealous that they could n't do the same because they had families . They 'd rather be great parents and ensure a stable future to their kids than follow their crazy dreams , which I completely understand . It was now or wait until I retired . Last but not least , I ' ve had this story in my mind for the last five years . The more I travelled and the more people I met , the more the narrative took shape in my mind , up the point that I had to take the time to spill it out on the pages . I have lived and worked in seven countries , and in every one of them , from Mexico to Berlin , I found a common trait amongst my generation which is the will to adhere meaning to our lives . It 's no longer enough with just having a job , we want to change the world for the better and have a positive impact . We want to be successful whilst having time to enjoy life at its fullest , and this is why we struggle so much when managing our most precious resource , time . Hence the title for the novel , " Time on Earth . " You can find it here , and if you read it , I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it . It has been a cathartic experience , locking myself up for ten months , alone with my mind until I found the sequence of 94.717 words that tell the exact story I wanted to tell . Next challenge : Turning the novel into a movie directed by David Fincher , so if anyone knows someone who knows someone ... please let me know ! Get the latest Google stock price here .
While startups continue to pop up around the country , the black demographic continues to making strides in the tech world . In a recent report by # ProjectDiane , powered by digitalundivided , there was a " 322% increase in the amount of black female - led businesses since 1997 and over 1.5 million businesses ran by black women in the US - over 100,000 of which are technical companies , " according to TechCrunch . While there needs to be more focus on funding and supporting diverse tech companies , here are just some of inspiring founders that represent the small percentage of African Americans in tech . SP Everett is the founder of the Greenwood Project SP a Black tech startup incubator . He is a serial entrepreneur and Digital Marketing Strategist with an emphasis on analytics for maximizing Return on Investment . Everett is passionate about inspiring entrepreneurship in the Black community and teaching minorities about investment & finance . SP Everett is also a management consultant for Accenture 's Communications , Media , and Technology group . Previously , Everett worked for Capital One developing statistical risk models for Mortgaged Backed Securities for their Market Risk & Liquidity group . Additionally , he 's spent time on Wall Street , as a Morgan Stanley Richard B. Fisher Scholar . He also worked for Mattel 's marketing team . Everett earned SP a B.S. in Finance from Howard University . SP Williams founded Tinsel , an audio accessory that doubles as jewelry , in response to the lack of tech products developed with women in mind . After coming up with the idea , she decided to leave her role as Head of Marketing with Voxer in 2014 and build her company . SP Her unique background in tech and the arts spans beyond marketing into brand building , community management and business development . After a decade of training as a singer of classical music and opera , and time spent fundraising major gifts for Wolf Trap Foundation for the Arts and the Levine School of Music , she joined the mobile messaging startup Voxer as a Community Manager and worked her way to leading the Marketing team . Williams is also currently on the board of audio engineering non - profit Women 's Audio Mission . SP Gibson is making going green cool , practical and profitable . After founding and scaling a network of highly successful schools , she dove into the business world where she is the CEO / Executive Director and Founder of EcoTech Visions , Miami 's first green maker space , coworking and green business incubator . Through EcoTech Visions , she and her team are guiding entrepreneurs to grow green manufacturing in Miami . Dr. Gibson has a Bachelor of Arts from Scripps College , a Master of Arts in Teaching and Learning and PhD from Claremont Graduate University , a Master in Leadership from Harvard Graduate School , and MBA from Massachusetts Institute of Technology . SP Parnell is the founder and CEO of Playvs , an all - in - one competitive gaming and tournament platform for Console and PC gamers . Before starting Playvs , Parnell was the Head of the Retail division at Rocket Fiber , a venture - backed fiber - optic ISP startup headquartered in Detroit . Prior to working at Rocket Fiber , Parnell was an Associate for IncWell Venture Capital . SP At 21-years - old Parnell was one of the youngest African American venture capitalist in the country . In addition to deal sourcing and due diligence , Delane was responsible for managing the fund 's deal - flow process and handled all external outreach efforts . Prior to this role , Delane was on the founding team of a large automotive group and led the company to consecutive six and seven figure profitable years through strategic partnerships and a tight focus on quality over scale . SP Powell is the Founder and CEO of the New York - based startup Fuzd , a global live chat app that will translate messages instantly into the person 's language . At age 14 , Powell quickly became fascinated by the language and culture . He loved it so much that he would save his allowance to buy language books and taught himself how read , write and speak Japanese . He attended the George Washington University and studied international business finance . Eventually he followed his dream and saved enough to take a two week trip to Tokyo . Despite being surrounded by millions of people , he had a hard time connecting with others due to the language barrier . Upon his return to NYC and he discovered that most of his foreign friends had the exact same problem when they came to the U.S. SP Richards is the founder of ROHO , an on - demand , online library of video sermons from some of today 's most prominent African American faith leaders . Richards , an African American minister , member of the Council on Foreign Relations and millennial tech entrepreneur . SP He started ROHO with seed funding from five prominent investors one year ago . Richards is trying to bring religion and technology together . SP After working in marketing for major brands including Viacom and Complex , Hooks decided to branch off in order to establish her own company Salient Social , a social media agency and PR company . Owning a tech startup enables and nurtures her spirit of being a disruptor . SP Though in it 's early stages Salient Social they ' ve seen significant growth and planning a significant expansion within the next month or so , with a new website , hires , space and comprehensive branding . SP After being awarded $ 1.3 million in scholarships himself , Gray founded Scholly , an app that helps students easily find scholarships for college . Scholly was featured on ABC 's Shark Tank , landing a deal with Daymond John and Lori Greiner and sparking the biggest fight in Shark Tank history . Scholly has over 1 million users . Gray was named a 2015 Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year for Social Entrepreneurship . SP Gray also made the 2016 Forbes 30 Under 30 List for Social Entrepreneurship , making the top of the list as well as the LinkedIn Next Wave list for Education . Christopher is also one of Oprah 's Inaugural Super Soul 100 honorees , Oprah 's list of her favorite people . He is the the recipient awarded the Smithsonian American Ingenuity Award SP Scott is the founder and CEO of Laugh.ly , a streaming service for fans of standup comedy . Laugh.ly allows users to easily enjoy classic and current performances from some of the biggest names in comedy ( such as Kevin Hart , Amy Schumer and Louis CK ) and discover new and emerging artists all in one convenient platform . SP For Scott , an accomplished comedian in his own right , entertainment and technology have always been both a personal and professional passion . Prior to establishing Laugh.ly , Scott founded the venture capital - backed software service Marketfish , a lead generation - platform that serviced over 700 B2C brands , including major players in the entertainment sector such as Disneyland , Norwegian Cruise Lines , AT&T , Verizon and Dish Network . Scott 's first startup , NextPlanetOver.com and became the e - commerce backend for LucasFilm during the 1999 release of Star Wars : The Phantom Menace . The company also handled e - commerce merchandising for Marvel Entertainment , Stan Lee Presents , Dreamworks and others . As a professional comic , Scott has performed at clubs throughout the United States following a year honing his craft on the New York City comedy club circuit , and he continues to do both standup and improv in his home state of California . SP Villadiego is the founder and CEO of Easy Solutions , a global leader in electronic fraud protection . Easy Solutions ' guiding principle is Total Fraud Protection(r ) , a fraud prevention strategy that enables companies to fight online fraud at every stage of the fraud attack lifecycle . Villadiego founded Easy Solutions from the ground up with the vision of building best - in - class technologies that would help organizations around the world fight electronic fraud . Under Villadiego 's leadership , Easy Solutions currently serves more than 320 leading financial institutions , monitors over 26 billion connections a year and protects the online activities of more than 85 million users in 30 different countries . Easy Solutions has been recognized by industry influencers , research analysts and the media for its comprehensive and advanced offerings as well as its explosive growth of 134 percent in 2015 . Prior to creating Easy Solutions , Ricardo held various management positions at IBM , Internet Security Systems and the Unisys Corporation . He has a degree in electrical engineering from the Universidad Distrital Francisco Jose de Caldas in Colombia .
Diversity is a crucial component to a thriving entrepreneurial environment . Many times , people tend to focus solely on the product or service without taking a look at the innovators behind them . Blacktech Weekend is filling that gap by giving a platform to entrepreneurs , techies , business executives , and startup founders of color . From February 23rd to February 25th , entrepreneurs and businesspeople of color will be able to connect with each other , share their unique experience , and give advice about how to empower themselves and accelerate their success in tech . Blacktech Weekend also gives an opportunity for those who are less attune to the importance of diversity and inclusion to listen to different perspectives and develop a deeper understanding of what it 's like to be a person of color in the world of tech . SP Blacktech Weekend is a smaller event that precedes Blacktech Week , a weeklong event that will take place in September . Both events are funded by the Knight Foundation , an organization that invests in entrepreneurship , journalism , and various other ventures that focus on community . Felecia Hatcher , co - founder of Blacktech Week , has been honored by the White House as a 2014 Champion of Change for STEM Access & Diversity and has been featured on numerous shows and media outlets . She has given talks on numerous subjects surrounding entrepreneurship and business and is the author of three books . She gave some insight into the benefits and importance of the event : " Our goal is to increase deal flow and resource magnetism in the black community and for black entrepreneurs and startup founders where often times their friends and family can only give them a round of applause and not a round of funding , so we help them get over that major hurdle . " " This is clearly a topic that is not going anywhere because those that do n't see how impactful it is to their bottom line are not solution driven to solving the problem . This has been very much a grassroots effort and luckily an organization like the Knight Foundation have funded us and others to do this work that is so important . We have to quickly move from thinking that diversity is a charity case , and that the best person to do the job and minority groups are mutually exclusive . No it 's damn good business ! " Read more about diversity in tech here on Tech . Co
3D printing has become incredibly popular in recent years and it 's only a matter of time until most of the products we buy are additively manufactured . This is especially true when you consider the customization that 3D printing offers : the ability to design and create something specifically for the user . This is goal behind the Wiivv 's new app . Wiivv , a startup that impressed the world last year with their 3D printed insoles , has taken 3D printed footwear a step further . This time they 're creating Custom Fit Sandals that are designed specifically for the person who purchases them . Wiivv , based out of San Diego , was founded on the grounds of 3D printing . Their original goal was to create a 3D printed insole that reduced foot pain and fatigue . After a massively successful Kickstarter , Wiivv began shipping out insoles that started a revolution in 3D printed accessories . Their next big project is their sandals , and their Kickstarter campaign has already outpaced their record - setting insole campaign . The technology behind Wiivv 's Custom Fit Sandals is comprehensive . Through a smartphone app , users will take a few photos of their feet . Wiivv then maps your feet with over 200 data points and constructs the perfect sandal , designed specifically for your feet . Wiivv claims that the sandals are supposed to be the most comfortable pair of footwear you ' ve ever owned - and after looking at their product , it 's hard to argue against that . Their custom insoles have already taken the market by storm , and over 15,000 positive reviews . SP But that was just for an insole that you put in a mass - produced shoe . These sandals are custom designed for the owner , and they take less than seven days to prepare and ship . Everything about the sandal is created for maximum comfort to your feet . One of the biggest benefits Wiivv has over larger competitors is their size . By being one of " the smaller guy , " Wiivv does n't have to worry about mass producing shoes or sandals at an affordable scale . Most shoes are designed to be a " one size fits all " type of deal . Sure , there are different shoe sizes available , but no two feet are alike . Mass produced shoes are meant to be accessible by millions of people . Plus , Wiivv 's sandals are produced on a smaller scale , so they have the resources to create the perfect fit for every customer . The comfort comes from the sole , arch support , toe thong and toe grip at the top of the sandal . Each pair is printed based on the data Wiivv collects from mapping your feet . This makes the sandal ideal for anyone that has irregular arches , foot pain , or someone who has never found a pair of sandals that are comfortable . Not only are the sandals comfortable , but they 're nice to look at too . There are different color options available since it would n't make much sense to design a custom - fit sandal without making it exactly how you want it to look . Do n't be surprised if you start to see other companies following suit . 3D printing is getting more popular and affordable . Also , the customization of Wiivv 's sandals and insoles is just the start - think about all the other articles of clothing , accessories and other household items that can be perfect for you through 3D mapping and printing . Read more about burgeoning startups here on Tech . Co
No startup is an island . Surviving the business world takes more than a good idea and a quality team . If you want to see your idea come to fruition , you 're going to need support from your local ecosystem . Whether it 's capital or mentoring , your startup ca n't succeed without a little help from your community . Fortunately , events like Dallas Startup Week are designed to provide exactly that . This week at Dallas Startup Week powered by Chase for Business , the stunning Texas city will play host to a bevy of startup founders , entrepreneurs , and local influencers in hopes of spurring innovation . Participants will be lucky enough to enjoy a full schedule of enlightening talks , helpful mentor sessions , and enough startup knowledge to change the way you think about business . All the action will take place at Chase Basecamp , the hub for activities at Dallas Startup Week . You 'll be able to find Chase Basecamp in the heart of downtown Dallas at St. Paul Place , also known as the D Magazine building on Ross . With such a full schedule , it 's going to be hard to decide where to go . Fortunately , we ' ve listed out a few of the top events on each day so you wo n't miss out on any of the fun . Check out the events below and get excited for a week of entrepreneurial experiences : Take advantage of this unique opportunity to watch a fireside chat with special guest Paul Bettner , who co - created the popular mobile game , Words with Friends , and founded PLAYFUL CORP . You can also head on over to Top Success Stories of Dallas Entrepreneurs : The Good , The Bad , and The Ugly to see Tech . Co 's own Frank Gruber discuss entrepreneurial success stories that will inspire you to get out there and innovate . If you 're looking for a little mentoring , Dallas Business Journal Presents : Bizwomen Mentoring Monday is where you want to be . The event will offer attendees the opportunity to choose from over 45 mentors who are the most influential women in the community . Before that , make sure to stop by the Basecamp Breakfast to fuel up before the week begins . Also , do n't forget to make an appearance at the Salesforce Happy Hour and DSW Launch Party that night . Stop by this exciting fireside chat with special guest Patrick Lee ! Patrick is the founder and former CEO of Rotten Tomatoes , a leading entertainment website focused on movie reviews and news and one of the top 600 most trafficked sites in the world ! After that , do n't forget to hit up the important talk titled Five Steps to Use Diversity & Inclusion to Improve Your Bottom Line , which will cover how to hire , retain , evaluate pay , offer flexible benefits , and build a diverse workforce . Bring your hardest fundraising questions and join this interactive discussion with 5 influential local venture capitals who will share their thoughts on the state of Dallas ' ecosystem , raising capital , and what Dallas needs to do to attract even more dollars . Before that , make sure to stop by the Fireside Chat with Seth Priebatsch , Chief Ninja at LevelUp . After that , head on over to the 4th Annual State of Entrepreneurship to find out what 's taken place over the last year in the Dallas Startup Community ! Join the Dallas Startup Week team for an interactive experience to learn the in 's and out 's of renting a studio , how to get your music on TV , and how you can it make it on your own . After that , head on over to Ethical Fashion On the Rise + Rachel Zoe Style Box Party to enjoy interactive experience filled with shopping , music , cocktails , sweet treats , appetizers , giveaways , and more . At this event , you 'll see a number of Dallas - based real estate tech startups brought together in one room to show off their technology . Come to see their products , learn about job opportunities , and network in the industry . This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series . Photo : Flickr / Daxix
Elon Musk . OpenAI , the artificial intelligence research company set up by Elon Musk , has come up with a new method for teaching robots -- giving them a demo in virtual reality . The non - profit , which is funded to the tune of $ 1 billion , trained a self - learning algorithm to complete a task after a human demonstrated it once in virtual reality . In this case , the task was stacking coloured blocks . The team got a programmed robot to reproduce the behaviour shown during the demonstration in the virtual environment . " We ' ve developed and deployed a new algorithm , one - shot imitation learning , allowing a human to communicate how to do a new task by performing it in VR , " OpenAI wrote in a blog post on Tuesday . OpenAI The company explained that the algorithm is powered by two neural networks , which are computer systems based on the human brain . One of the neural networks is a vision network and the other is an imitation network . The vision network is trained with hundreds of thousands of simulated images with different combinations of lighting , textures , and objects , while the imitation network " observes a demonstration , processes it to infer the intent of the task , and then accomplishes the intent starting from another starting configuration . " While the algorithm was successfully taught how to stack blocks on this occassion , OpenAI said the same technique could be applied to other tasks .
Ricky Knox , cofounder and CEO of Tandem . Tandem LONDON -- Startup digital bank Tandem has cut its headcount by around 30 people after seeing PS29 million ( $ 37.3 million ) in funding fall through earlier this year . A source told Business Insider that Tandem has reduced its staffing levels from around 110 to close to 80 . The headcount reduction includes both redundancies and contractors who have not been renewed . The cutbacks follow the collapse of a significant funding round earlier this year . Tandem announced last December that it had secured a PS35 million investment from department store House of Fraser . However , House of Fraser is owned by China 's Sanpower and a crackdown from Beijing on capital flight led to the investment falling through after Tandem had received just PS6 million of the PS35 million . Tandem said at the time that it would look to restructure its business " to ensure a tight focus on delivering its customer vision and bringing its products to the market as quickly as possible . " Ricky Knox , the cofounder of Tandem , told Business Insider : " We actually had quite a few contractors in the room and we now have almost none . That made sense because when you 're going into your digital build to make sure you ' ve got enough people to get the product out there you need to add some extra heads in . " The headcount cut follows a round of redundancies earlier in the year , prior to the funding fall through . BI reported in March that Tandem had let around 10 staff go , bringing headcount at the time down to around 110 . Knox told BI : " I think these businesses should be running with a 50 - 100 person staff base and pre - Christmas we 'd gone over that . " We ' ve restructured the team , moving from build to operate . We ' ve been mainly a tech dev house for the last few years and through this year we ' ve been building up and adding actually operational personnel . There 's been quite a bit of shift over the course of the last 6 months . It 's definitely not a one - way street . Tandem is in " advanced " funding talks to secure investment to cover the shortfall left by House of Fraser , Knox said , although he would n't elaborate further on who might invest or the timeline for closure . Asked if Tandem would be expanding its staff after the investment was secured , Knox said : " Will we need to add some more people with a few specialist skills ? For sure . But are we planning to expand this team and be 250 people in a year 's time ? No , that 's not our objective at all . My dream would be that we keep under 100 forever but that 's not going to happen . " Tandem , founded in 2014 , is one of a number of app - only banks set up in Britain in recent years . Others include Monzo , Atom , and Starling . Tandem has raised over PS25 million to date from investors including eBay founder Pierre Omidyar . The collapse of the House of Fraser funding led Tandem to delay the launch of its savings product but Knox told BI the company is still going ahead with the launch of its credit card product , which is set to debut within months . He added that House of Fraser is still keen to cooperate with Tandem in offering financial products to the department store 's customers .
For Ventureburn 's next Digital All Stars piece , we will be focusing on the top edtech startups in South Africa . We are looking for candidates who are using tech , or who are are tech - focused , with education startups . These can range from online courses to teaching kids how to code . Now is your chance to submit whoever you think would fit the criteria . In order to do so , please email editor@memeburn.com with the subject " Digital All Stars edtech startup nomination " . The email should include the full name of the candidate , the startup , and a short ' CV ' with their accomplishments and why you think they should be on the list . Nominations close on 17 March . All nominations will be considered by our panel of judges ; not all nominations will make the list . Digital All Stars is a series of 24 articles which aims to celebrate the best of South African digital . The articles , which will appear on Memeburn and Ventureburn , recognise and celebrate South Africa 's best digital entrepreneurs , business people , advertisers , and media professionals among others . The All Stars listed in the articles are compiled using a combination of our editorial team 's own knowledge and that of experts in the fields covered by each article . Feature image : Alan Cleaver via Flickr .
Spain has a lot more to offer than just great weather and delicious food . The largest country in Southern Europe also has a pretty vital startup scene and with Madrid and Barcelona two of Europe 's biggest startup hubs . In the beginning of this year , we took a close look at the Spanish startup ecosystem to provide you with a list of 10 promising startups to watch in 2017 . All of the startups we 're listing below were founded within the last two years and each one of them is -at least in our view- heading towards a successful future . Letgo is the fastest growing mobile marketplace to buy and sell locally , powering a new , secondhand economy on mobile . With offices in Barcelona and New York , Letgo is connecting millions of buyers and sellers . Letgo provides its users with cutting - edge features like image recognition powered by artificial intelligence , and the Letgo Commercializer . Founded in 2015 , Letgo was already able to secure the astonishing amout of rougly $ 375 million in venture capital . Cornerjob 's mission is to help people to find the right job within the shortest timeframe . The Barcelona - based startup provides a job matching platform that enables users to find geolocated job offers , apply to them , chat directly with the recruiters and get an answer in 24 hours . For companies , it represents a great recruiting channel in terms of simplicity , rapidity and flexibility . Founded in 2015 , Cornerjob so far raised about $ 51 million in funding . Glovo : A Barcelona - based startup that is transforming the way consumers access local goods , enabling anyone to get nearly any product delivered in less than 60 minutes . Glovo 's on - demand mobile application connects customers with independent local couriers , who acquire goods from any restaurant or shop in a city and also deliver urgent packages for a fixed fee of 5,50EUR . Glovo , which started in 2015 , is currently available in 6 Spanish cities as well as in Paris and Milan . So far , the ambitious Glovo team raised about EUR7.14 million in venture capital . Badi : Founded in 2015 and based in Barcelona , Badi provides a new way of flat sharing , making city - center living affordable for everyone by changing how flat sharers connect and interact . The platform enables you to list or look for available rooms in shared flats and find flatmates according to your age , tastes and hobbies . Badi is a peer - to - peer marketplace of non - vacational shared flats . The young company raised more than EUR2 million in funding . TravelPerk aims to revolutionize the way that organizations budget , book and manage their business travel . The Barcelona - based startup offers a unique dynamic budgeting algorithm , incentives for employees to save , as well as reporting , dashboards , expense integrations , flexible payments and more . All of that within a single easy - to - use platform and at no cost to the user . TravelPerk was founded in 2015 and secured about $ 8.5 million in venture capital . Comprea is a spanish same day delivery service that lets users order groceries online from their favourites stores . This is done with a custom logistics network of Shoppers , wich allows to deliver as soon as in 1h and in 1 hour time slots . Founded in 2015 , Comprea is already active in Madrid , Valencia and Barcelona . The Valencia - based startup so far secured EUR725 K in funding aims to close another funding round soon in order to expand with its service to other European cities . Hibox is an out - of - the - box solution to handle the three most critical pain points in collaborating with your team : 1 . faster communication ( team messaging ) , 2 . keep track of your projects ( task management ) and 3 . live discussions for remote work or separate offices ( video calls ) . The Barcelona - based startup was founded in 2015 and secured about $ 1 million in seed funding in 2016 . MyTripCar is a car rental comparison and reservation site that aims to revolutionize the sector with a fresh approach and more transparency . The startup was officially founded in 2015 in Alicante and launched its platform in 2016 . MyTripCar is currently available in Spanish , German , English and French . In total , MyTripCar so far secured more than EUR1.5 million in venture capital . B - wom is a digital health startup focusing on women 's intimate health / wellness . As of today , the Barcelona - based company offers an app with personalized care plans , exercises and tracking for pelvic floor with some initial healthy habits and content about health . B - wom plans to expand its health scope to cover all the important moments in a woman 's life . The health startup was founded in 2015 and raised about EUR1 million in funding . Eelp ! is an app to delegate all kinds of daily tasks and needs busy people have . By using the app , Eelpers will take care of everything for you . From taking the car for a wash to pet - sitting your dog while traveling , or getting your hair done before a dinner ( etc . ) . Eelp ! works with local professionals and services to let you have more time for yourself and the ones you care about . The Barcelona - based startup successfuly launched a trial phase in Barcelona by December 2016 and secured about EUR200 K in angel funding in the beginning of 2017 . By the way : If you 're a corporate or investor looking for exciting startups in a specific market for a potential investment or acquisition , check out our Startup Sourcing Service !
Australia and New Zealand have the highest rates of melanoma in the world , according to the Melanoma Institute Australia . An aggressive form of skin cancer , melanoma kills more young Australians aged 20 to 39 years old than any other single cancer , with stats estimating 1 in 14 men and 1 in 24 women in Australia will be diagnosed with melanoma in their life . With the mantras slip , slop , slap and no hat , no play a constant through childhood , it would be fair to say most young Australians in particular are aware of the dangers of the sun and skin cancer , and may have even looked at a spot on their body before and thought they should get it checked out at some point - actually taking the next step and going to the doctor is another story . Taking that next step is crucial , however : if melanoma is identified at an early stage , simple treatment can result in a complete cure . Looking to make it easier than ever is New Zealand healthtech startup Firstcheck , which has created an app through which users can snap a few pictures of a mole they are concerned about , choose a dermatologist or skin specialist to review their case , and receive feedback within three days . The startup was born at a health - focused Startup Weekend in Wellington in 2015 , with the idea coming to cofounder Hayden Laird as his grandfather had just had a melanoma removed and his wife had just had been to a MoleMap clinic , where a patient can have photos of spots taken by nurses and sent to dermatologists for diagnosis . " I thought what if everyone , not just MoleMap nurses , could send photos to skin specialists for review ? There just seemed this huge opportunity to improve access to skin specialists to improve skin cancer outcomes . The missing pieces were the empowering tools needed by people to proactively manage their skin health , " Laird said . Taking the idea for Firstcheck past the Startup Weekend , Laird , cofounder Frank Lachmann , and the growing team first spent time looking to understand telemedicine , best practice in teledermatology , and the regulatory space governing it all across Australia and Australia . " The underlying concept may seem relatively simple , connecting patients with local skin specialists for a remote doctor consultation , but in the medical field , nothing is simple , and at times the regulatory environment and industry , complete with its politics , was daunting , " Laird said . The startup brought on industry advisors including dermatologist Ian Coutts , doctor Tom Mulholland , and health IT and medical advisor Kevin Sheehy to help it navigate the landscape and recruit specialists . " Being a startup from Taranaki , coming from outside the industry , and being cutting - edge , we had the challenge of finding early adopters in a traditionally conservative industry , " Laird admitted . " Then there was the challenge of winning the trust of doctors that have developed a healthy scepticism from all their dealings with pharmaceutical companies . So , there was no room for errors and , in testament to the team , we have had a smooth ride . " The Firstcheck app works by having a user choose whether they want the dermatologist to review a ' Mole ' , ' Rash ' , or ' Other ' , then guiding them to take a photo , first from 20 cm away and again from 10 cm away . The app can be paired with a ' SkinScope ' , a $ 30 alternative to a dermoscope used by dermatologists , which allows for a magnified image to be taken . Once the pictures are taken , the app asks the user to show on a mannequin where on the body the photos were taken , and detail any additional information that may help the dermatologist , such as how long they have had that mole or rash . The user is then asked to pick a specialist , pay the $ 19.95 fee , and then wait for their results , where the dermatologist may urge an in - person consultation for further review or advise the patient around what they should keep an eye on . The app can also be used for ' DIY mole mapping ' , allowing users to take photos of spots and track any new spots or changes . The Firstcheck app and SkinScope launched in New Zealand last November , during Melanoma Awareness Week , and in Australia earlier this year , with the startup having secured NZ$500,000 in funding from angel investors including Catalyst Capital , Angel HQ , and Launch Taranaki . According to Laird , Firstcheck has been adopted by GPs and other health professionals who are using it to submit cases to dermatologists ; beyond the $ 19.95 fee users pay , clinicians are able to set prices between themselves , and as such Firstcheck 's fee varies according to this . " Not every doctor has the same needs , or wants to use Firstcheck in the same way . We have deliberately made the system flexible to accommodate this , " Laird said . Following its Australian launch , Laird said the startup hit 10,000 app downloads ; a few corporates have also made Firstcheck available to employees as part of either their wellness or health and safety programs . A number of health professionals are also recommending to patients the SkinScope to assist with regular checkups between in - person visits , Laird added . Given the prevalence of melanoma and the importance of early detection , there are a couple of others startups working in this space around the world . Amsterdam - founded app SkinVision , for example , has an algorithm analyse a user 's photos to calculate different growth patterns of skin tissues to determine the ' potential chaotic growth of pigmented and non - pigmented skin lesions ' and then provide a green , yellow , or red risk rating . Scientists at Stanford University also announced earlier this year the results of their diagnosis algorithm for skin cancer ; training it to visually diagnose potential cancer through a database of 130,000 images , the algorithm was then tested against 21 board - certified dermatologists . The algorithm matched the performance of dermatologists in its diagnoses of skin lesions , however given it was trained on high - quality medical images rather than smartphone - quality photos , it is not yet ready for consumers . For Laird , however , facilitating diagnosis by an actual professional is key . " Shortcuts put both the patient and clinician at risk . Firstcheck is the first app of its kind and its network of local skin specialists is unique , as is the very affordable SkinScope , " he said . " From the clinician 's perspective , with no software setup costs and an affordable dermoscope , teledermatology , with all its benefits , is now accessible to the everyone , and that 's something Firstcheck is very proud of . "
BluHaptics demonstrates how to use its software to control a robotic arm underwater . ( BluHaptics Image ) SP Telerobotics startup BluHaptics has raised $ 1.36 million to launch its first commercial product this summer and expand the domain of its robotic control software from the deep sea to deep space . Seattle Angel Fund led the latest funding round with participation from Seattle 's Alliance of Angels . Seattle - based BluHaptics , which spun out of the University of Washington in 2013 , builds software to improve communication between pilots and remotely operated vehicles underwater . Since its launch , the company has received more than $ 1 million in government grants . CEO Don Pickering told GeekWire that his company has begun onboarding early customers , and recently did a test " with a major oil and gas company . " Pickering said the test went well . " We are getting almost unanimous positive response on the software , " he said . BluHaptics is also looking at where it can take its software next , with its next move being literally out of this world . Pickering said BluHaptics is using some of the new money to expand into the space robotics market . " We 're getting strong interest in space applications for running robots remotely in space as well as terrestrial applications , including service robots and even aerial drones , of all things , " Pickering said . " Robots do really well in a factory environment , where everything can be programmed with a high degree of accuracy because everything is known . But when you take a robot into the field or use it remotely , it becomes incredibly challenging . " That 's where BluHaptics comes in . Their devices use force - feedback control systems and 3-D displays to let customers control robots more easily and efficiently . The software can be used with oil rigs , excavation tools -and soon , with satellites and drones . Pickering said the company , which currently has six full - time and two part - time employees , is continually applying for patents . BluHaptics was awarded two patents last fall , and another four are pending . The company 's application for underwater manipulator arms will release in June . " We are as excited about the management team they have put in place as we are about their groundbreaking technology , " Seattle Angel Fund 's Susan Preston said in a statement . " We believe BluHaptics is well poised to transform the telerobotics market . "
Portugal has extended a hand to Indian entrepreneurs with a new visa program that will facilitate access to the Portuguese market for startup founders . SP At a bilateral summit in January , Portugal did something that lots of other nations appear to be turning against by initiating a policy to increase immigration and boost the Portuguese economy . Fancy . Portuguese prime minister Antonio Costa said , " Portugal has a long tradition of tolerance and openness to the world , something that has been recognized internationally . The capacity of interaction between people of different origins , cultures and religions is part of the DNA of Portugal . " Part of a trip to India by prime minister Costa , the new visa program included a memorandum of understanding between Startup Portugal -- the national strategy for entrepreneurship in Portugal -- and Invest India . The memorandum has three objectives : To provide a favorable business environment and the orientation needed for startups and business in India and Portugal . This means , essentially , welcoming would be founders with welcome arms and ensuring there is a slice of the economy for them to move in on . The second objective is to coordinate efforts between the two governments , investors , incubators , consultants , universities and research / development institutions to strengthen the start - ups sector in both countries ( however , it should be pretty clear to everyone that Portugal has more to gain from this agreement ) . The third objective will be to assist startups throughout their life cycle in aspects such as financing , market expansion , business structuring advice and technology marketing . All in all , a pretty sweet deal . There is growing pride in the Portuguese startup scene which , while not misplaced , is maybe getting ahead of itself slightly . Claims that Lisbon is as competitive as London or San Francisco are not totally on the money , yet , with VC investment still pretty small . However , this is certainly not to say that the situation will not change over the coming months , or years , that could see Portugal increasing its own fortunes . SP
Not long ago , it seemed unlikely anyone would be comfortable sleeping in a stranger 's house or riding in their car . That idea is now the foundation of multi - billion dollar companies . To get there , Airbnb and Uber basically commodified trust , largely by allowing users to review each other as a form of accountability and , until now , Australian online jobs marketplace Airtasker followed a similar route . The platform allows people to bid for jobs , like assembling furniture or mounting a television , similar to America 's TaskRabbit . SP SEE ALSO : Uber 's SVP of engineering is out after Recode surfaces previous sexual harassment allegation According to Tim Fung , founder and CEO of Airtasker , building accountability from scratch is not always efficient . A partnership announced Tuesday between his company and the CommonWealth SP Bank of Australia ( CBA ) will aim to import some old - school trust into the gig economy . For joint customers , a " CommBank Identified " badge can be added to their Airtasker profile as part of a pilot program , indicating their name and date of birth have all been verified by the bank . In other words , if you hire " John Smith " to mow your lawn , you can be pretty certain it 's in fact John Smith knocking on your front door . " We do n't necessarily have to try and build trust with people from the ground - up again , " Fung said . " Because I think that these huge databases of information , whether it 's the road and motoring authority , whether it 's the banks , whether it 's other people that you ' ve worked with -- all these people are storing components of your ' trust or reputation passport . ' " SP Brian Fung and Pete Steel . Image : SP Airtasker For Fung , trust is a spectrum . When he started Airtasker , he accepted they 'd be the type of place where you 'd hire someone to hand out fliers , but not necessarily to find a babysitter . " As we ' ve grown , we ' ve become more ambitious , " he said . " We ' ve launched police checks this year , which is a badge you can have on your profile , we ' ve launched the CBA partnership , and we 'll have more . " Pete Steel , executive general manager of digital at CBA , said the opt - in pilot was about " stitching banking and digital economy together . " It allows joint customers to transfer their good standing with the bank to a new digital platform , he suggested , and could extend to similar sharing economy platforms in the future . As well as verifying identity , the badge could indicate other things about your relationship with the bank -- although Steel would n't elaborate on what exactly those would be . SP " Maybe you 're a five - star customer , a three star - customer , maybe you have a certain balance sheet with us , " Steel explained . " We ' ve thought about some of those things but we want it to be customer - driven . " While he could n't say how many customers CBA and Airtasker shared , Steel pointed out the bank has a relationship with almost one in three Australian adults . Airtasker claims to have more than 950,000 users . SP That 's a sizeable number who could have misgivings about their financial privacy . The market dominance of CBA also means that checks and balances are essential so that customers with spotty bank histories do n't find their past haunting them on new platforms . " All these people are storing components of your ' trust or reputation passport . ' " Steel said customer comfort was foremost in their mind . " We 're very conscious of wanting to turbo - charge the sharing economy , not really constrain anyone , " he added . Fung also emphasised no financial data would be displayed on the site . Of course , the pilot also begs the question : should the banks be the arbiters of trust for the gig economy when Australians do n't always trust them ? A 2016 study by Ernst & Young found that only 36 percent of traditional bank customers in Australia had complete trust in their provider . SP Steel pushed back on the bank 's bad press . " Fundamentally people still have , I think , a very good view of the bank and the role we play , " he said . " For both someone like Airtasker and us to do this sort of partnership , we not only shake hands , we think about the brand affinity as well -- is it a natural pairing that customers will find appropriate ? " As banking gets shaken up by fintech startups , he believes there may be an additional role for financial institutions in providing , as Fung put it , a " trust passport . " SP " Trust and security are right at the centre of who we are -- it 's one of the things a bank should do well , " Steel said . " We certainly are in a good position where we know a third of adult Australians . And so how can we help them grow their businesses and meet financial goals in this emerging digital economy ? " SP
Neil Vogel , the CEO of About.com . Courtesy of Neil Vogel Update : About.com announced on Tuesday , May 2 that it 'd be changing its name to " dotdash ' after 18 years operating under another name . In our April podcast with CEO Neil Vogel , he explained how he arrived at that rebranding decision after two years of observing media trends and making the wrong choices . Here 's the interview , which was first published in late April , below . About.com launched in 1997 . It used to be one of the world 's most visited websites . Today , internet entrepreneur and investor Neil Vogel has been tasked with saving the IAC - owned dot - com brand from extinction . " I got a phone call from Joey Levin , who is the CEO of IAC . He asked , ' What do you think of About.com ? ' " Vogel said during a recent interview with Business Insider . " My answer -- in perfect arrogance -- was ' I do n't . ' Who thinks of About.com ? Nobody . " Levin persuaded him to come in for a job interview anyway , and Vogel walked out convinced he could help turn the company around . Now he is CEO of About.com , and to save it he 's trying something that sounds crazy . He 's shutting down the entire website in early May. In its place , he 's launching a half - dozen new sites . " This is either going to work and be a great success or we 're going to crash the plane as we 're flying it and this is going to be a horrible failure , " Vogel says he told IAC . So far , the radical plan seems to be working . We spoke with Vogel about the turnaround , and , before that , how he founded the Webby Awards , which have been dubbed " the Oscars of the internet . " On an episode of " Success ! How I Did It , " a Business Insider podcast about the careers of accomplished and inspiring people , Vogel also explained how a cross - country road trip in a Ford Bronco changed his life . You can listen to this episode below . Subscribe to " Success ! How I Did It " on Acast or iTunes . Check out previous episodes with : Following is a transcript of the conversation , edited for clarity and length . Alyson Shontell : About.com is a 250-person media company that you ' ve revived . It was a dot - com baby , founded in 1996 . Neil Vogel : Nineteen ninety - six . We 're 20 years old . We 're not a baby -- we 're not even adolescent . We 're like a full - fledged millennial . Shontell : You ' ve been a venture partner at Firstmark Capital . You ' ve created a company that made awesome events like Internet Week and the Webby Awards , which have been called " the Oscars of the internet . " Vogel : I ' ve done a lot of things . I ' m old , man -- I ' m old . Shontell : Let 's go back to when you were young and hungry . How did you start this career ? Investment banking , right ? Vogel : I listened to your podcast with [ Bustle and Bleacher Report founder ] Bryan Goldberg and he talked about this , but when I got out of college , which was in 1992 -- I went to Penn -- the only things seemingly you could do were become an investment banker , a consultant , or a brand manager somewhere . And I did n't do any of those things . For a year I took an internship at IMG , the big sports agency , which I was terrible at , and I hated it . After seven months , I went back to my roots and was an investment banker . I was a banker for five or six years . I very quickly learned that I admired and respected my clients a lot more than my bosses . I did not want to be some dude eating Chinese food in the office on Sunday night at 7:30 making a model for someone else 's business . That , to me , seemed stupid . It seemed to me like I wanted to be the guy the model 's being made for , which makes some sense . I ended up leaving and going to work with a couple of guys who started a company called Alloy -- or Alloy Media Marketing , for you internet 1.0 people . I was the sixth person there . We ended up growing to be a $ 300 million - revenue business -- very profitable . It went public and had a really good run . Shontell : What was it like back in the dot - com days for people who might be too young to remember ? Vogel : It 's hard to describe . We were kids . We were 27 , 28 , 29 when Alloy went public . We were just playing business with other people 's money . And it felt irresponsible , but we tried really hard . We worked incredibly hard . The founder of the company , Matt Diamond , was incredibly smart . He was always very focused on building a business that made money . We always made money so we did n't have the outcome of a lot of 1.0 guys . We ended up being pretty successful . But it just was crazy . Everything was at hyper speed . Nobody knew anything . We were the first at everything we did . It was really fun . Ultimately , I wanted to run my own thing . I left , took a year off , and , with a partner , started a business called Recognition Media . We ended up owning and producing nine or 10 different award shows and events , including the Webby Awards , and we started Internet Week , which we subsequently sold . Shontell : Before we get into that , I want to discuss the time you spent in between jobs . You did a cool soul - searching experiment in which you bought a truck and you drove across the country . Vogel : I did . I took , like , almost a year off . Shontell : Tell me about this crazy road trip that changed your life . Vogel : I do n't know -- I was 32 , single , and we just had this reasonably good outcome . I had no responsibilities and no expenses . I had a dumb rental apartment . So I bought an old Ford Bronco , took the roof off and drove around for a summer . My father gave me great advice . He said , " Look , you 're in a position where you do n't have kids , you do n't have anything . Go get yourself bored and figure out what you want to do . " For a couple of months I was trying really hard to think about it and figure it out . Then I decided to not think about anything . Believe me , I know it 's an incredible luxury to be able to do that . I did n't think about anything , and then everything became clear . It 's an amazing feeling to have no responsibilities . Just " What am I going to do ? Oh , I ' m going to drive here and visit my friend . " Or " I ' m going to get on a plane , go to Europe , and hang out . " It was amazing . I was at the beach with some friends before Labor Day weekend in 2004 . I had n't done anything for the whole summer . I was n't even checking email . I panicked because I had hit maximum boredom . I got in this truck and I drove back to Manhattan on the Thursday before Labor Day weekend . When everybody was going out to go the beach and have fun , I got on a plane , flew to LA to where my business partner was , and we wrote a business plan , and that became the business that was the Webby Awards and Recognition Media . I tell people it was the best thing I ' ve ever done in my whole life . Shontell : You 're on the beach , you realize " Oh my gosh , I actually miss work . I want to do more . I want to do something . " You have this idea . Had you done anything with events before ? Vogel : No , nothing . Zero things . Shontell : You just thought it would be a fun thing to start . Vogel : We actually started the company by buying a very small business . Before I dropped off the face of the earth , I talked to a lot of smart media people I knew . And a guy called us with an opportunity . He said , " You can buy this thing called the Telly Awards , " which was a little award show based in Ashland , Kentucky . He found this business in an ad in the back of The Wall Street Journal . He read it , then he clipped it and faxed it to me . I took a look and said , " Wait a minute . This is a database of creative professionals who are all doing internet things and need recognition for their work . " If you make TV commercials , who says whether you are doing a good job or not ? You need third - party validation . We did some research , found out there were a million of these little awards around . If we bought this first one and figured it out , we could probably do a bunch more and make this work . That 's what we did . I flew to LA to do the work on this Telly Awards thing that we then raised a little bit of money and bought a few months later . Foursquare cofounder Dennis Crowley at the 2011 Webby Awards . Flickr / Eddie Codel Shontell : What exactly are the Webby Awards , and how did they become this glamorous thing ? Vogel : We bought the Telly Awards and we 'd had some success with it . Then , we found out the Webby Awards were owned by IDG , the big media company . They started this award show in the ' 90s in San Francisco that got some traction . But it kind of went out of business . For two years they did n't have the show . But they had the brand . We approached them and said , " Guys , we want to buy this from you . " The business model is , people pay to enter , and we get lots of corporate sponsors and have a show . The first year we had 800 entries , mainly all from the United States . By the time we were done with it [ seven years later ] it was about 14,000 entries from 60 countries . It 's the award , the Cannes Lions , or the Oscars for people who do internet stuff . We built a brand really , really stealthily . We did it by just making sure the brand was impeccable , that the most important , most influential people liked it . And we did it all online at a time when that felt really weird to people . Shontell : So it 's a once - a - year event . How much money can you make from an event like that ? Vogel : I ca n't really tell you exactly how much . You can figure out the math . The more people who enter , the better off this thing is . Then you 're connecting really big corporate sponsors with very tight , very engaged audiences that are super valuable . We can put you in front of 2,000 people who make the best stuff in the world every year . That 's a really valuable thing . Shontell : Was it ever hard ? Vogel : Everything is hard . It 's impossible . It tells as a super - elegant story . No , but this is impossible . Everything was a disaster . We had eight offices . We could n't get anything right . We made so many mistakes . The nature of the internet is it 's very forgiving . You ca n't really make that big a mistake . The interesting thing about a business that is an award show is it 's once a year . Now , at About.com , we can make changes that are instant tomorrow . At the Webby Awards , you make a change , it takes a year to see if that worked . You learn how to manage businesses differently because you have a full - year cycle , which is often very annoying . We made every mistake a startup can make . Shontell : Despite that , someone did come in and buy a big chunk of it . Vogel : Yeah , we were happy . I ' m still on the board . Then I transitioned to Firstmark Capital , where I have a bunch of friends who are investors . Shontell : They ' ve got early - stage investments and things like Pinterest , Airbnb , and Draft Kings . Vogel : I spent probably a year hanging out with those guys , and I learned so much in that year from just sitting and listening to their process . The first thing I learned is I ' m a terrible investor . I like the quick wits of running businesses . But the long lead time and thoughtfulness required to have a thesis and invest against it and follow up is just not my jam . About.com Shontell : So you started to get bored and then IAC called you . IAC owns About.com . Vogel : Yes . So About.com was owned by The New York Times . They owned it for five or six years . IAC -- Barry Diller and crew -- bought it for about $ 300 million at the end of 2012 . Shontell : Significantly less than The Times paid for About.com . Vogel : It is less than The Times paid , which is less than Prime Media paid before them . I think it 's widely known , but About was a mess at that point . It was still one of the 20 biggest sites on the internet , but there had been a lot of neglect . IAC , who 's very opportunistic in buying things , said , " OK , this still does a lot of revenue . It has 100 million users a month . We 're pretty sure we can do something cool with it . " So they bought it . Shontell : There was a bidding war for it too . Answers.com wanted it . Vogel : There was a very quick bidding war that they won . I think the entire cycle was seven days , which is crazy when you think about how that works . Probably five or six months after they owned it . I was n't there , so I ca n't say this definitively , but I can guess . I think it was a bit of a bigger mess than they thought . I got a phone call from Joey Levin , who is now the CEO of IAC . He might deny it went this way , but it very much went this way . He calls me -- Joey 's a very direct character -- and he says , " What do you think of about.com ? " My answer -- in perfect arrogance was -- " I do n't . Who thinks of about.com ? Nobody . It 's a thing with these blue links on it . I do n't think about About.com . " He says , " Come in and talk to me about it . " I go in and talk to him about it . I thought he wanted me to help him find someone to run it . I went into his office , and the next thing I know , I ' m going home with a stack of information . I ' m thinking , " Ugh , I 'll look through it , I guess . " By the time I got through it , I had a full mental turnaround on what this thing could be . I was definitely like the 25th person they talked to . Shontell : It was founded in the search era , right ? There was no social or Facebook driving a ton of traffic . It was all the good old days of Google search traffic . Vogel : It 's all Google search . The model was -- this is important to note because it took us a bit to figure out -- the model was the same thing as AOL , or the same thing as MSN , or the same thing as Yahoo . It was a big general information site . In our case , we made the content ourselves with experts . They made content different ways . But it was a big general information site . I decided I would ... I ' m like , " OK , you know what ? I ' m going to do this . " I went and I signed up to do it , and a little bit of the reason was the " you ca n't fall off the floor " reason . I ' m not going to be the guy who ruined About.com . It 's already ruined , so this is all upside here . Ethan Miller / Getty Shontell : What do you think of Marissa and Yahoo ? Vogel : We can actually talk about that . We have point of view on that , which is part of how we decided to do what we did . We actually have a strong point of view on that . I 'll make this story a little shorter here . I joined , and within a year we took the employees from 150 to 250 . Every person , with the exception of one or two above senior director was new . We have 250 people now , and there are probably 10 who were there before we got there . When I got there , I could n't tell you how many ads we served the day before . I could n't tell you how many visits we . It was just a mess . We got there and spent the first year building a data - science team so we can understand what was going on . Building a sophisticated programmatic ad stack because our site kind of looks like crap . It 's very hard for us to sell premium stuff . So we 're going to start selling programmatic things like moving away from some other monetization things . We used a lot of Google ads and we have to not do that . Users do n't really like that at scale . Hired a bunch of smart people . I basically went and drove the " A - Team " van around New York and was like , " I know you , you 're great . We ' ve worked together . Come join us ! " I think people got excited about the chance to fix an iconic internet . A year and a half into it , we launch a brand - new site and rewrote every line of code . We had code from the ' 90s in there . We put forth the new About.com and everyone was excited . We stopped the decline . We started to make more money , traffic stopped going down . We could go to a cocktail party with a straight face and say , " Look at this things . " We had some pride in what we were doing and it was making some sense . We felt good , and then six months later we 're still in the exact same spot and we 're like , " Ugh , why is this not growing ? " Again , at this time , everyone 's really happy with us . IAC is happy with us . Probably a year after we launched , we went back to IAC , and this was the scary moment , this was like the big move , and said , " Guys , everything we did was wrong . We 're doing it wrong . " Shontell : How did you come to that ? It just stalled ? Vogel : It goes back to your Marissa question . We realized that our fundamental model of what we were doing was wrong . Our value is we have this great content that advertisers will like and consumers like , but nobody cares about a general - information site anymore . You have three constituencies when you 're a publisher : advertisers , consumers , and people who send you traffic ( basically algorithms ) . And it turns out that if you play tennis this weekend and hurt your knee , you do n't want your " why my knee hurts " advice from About Health . You want it from WebMD or Everyday Health . We 're like , " Oh , point . " If your router breaks at home , you do n't want that from About Tech ; you want that from EnGadget or The Verge or someone how to fix it . Advertisers ? We heard this constantly : " Your data is great , your scale is great , we like your content , but you 're not endemic , so we 're not working with you . " They want head - of - household moms , and they make computers , but they would not give us any money . And then the other problem was algorithms . Google and Facebook and those guys no longer knew what to make of us . You ca n't have , " Symptoms of Colitis " content on the same domain that you have " How to Unclog My Drain . " On the same domain you have , like , " How to Cook Beer - Battered Chicken " and " How to Fix My Tendinitis . " Shontell : It kind of works for Wikipedia , though . Vogel : We 'll talk about that in a second . It 's a little bit different . For a site like us ... Wikipedia 's traffic is going down , by the way , from search , because they 're not specific . If you have colitis , you 'd rather go to a colitis - specialty place than Wikipedia . They 're losing also . We came to the realization that we needed to do something . We went back to IAC and to that meeting and said , " Here 's what we 're going to do : We 're going to turn this place from AOL or Yahoo or MSN , and I ' m going to turn this into Conde Nast or Vox . And that 's what we 're going to do . This is either going to work and be a great success or we 're going to crash the plane as we 're flying it and this is going to be a horrible failure . But we 're betting , because our content is good , because we still have search traffic , because we know how to play social , that we 're betting that we can do this . " And IAC -- because they 're not a media company , they 're an internet company ; it 's a huge difference that I ' ve learned -- they basically said " Do it . Do it . Go ahead , take the chance . Roll the dice and do it . We 'd rather have the outcome that you are the next Conde Nast than have the outcome that is now , which is we 're going sideways . " Barry Diller , head of IAC , knows how to take risks . Michael Seto / Business Insider Shontell : That sounds like it makes a lot of sense . But there is huge risk involved with a move like that . Vogel : Existential risk . We could have literally gone to zero . Shontell : Yes , because you have , what , over 100 million people visiting About.com ? Vogel : Yeah , about that . Shontell : And you 're talking about all these new properties that have to start from scratch , right ? Then what 's left for About.com ? Vogel : What we said was , we 're going to take pieces of About.com , we 're going to break them off and make these new brands , and then when we 're done , About.com is going to go away . As of May 2 , we 're announcing a new brand name for all of overarching brand for our brands , and About.com is going away . Shontell : This site that had 100 million - plus readers , you just canned . Vogel : We did n't can it yet , but we 're canning it in six weeks . Again , because we ' ve now made five different , sites that if you add them up have more users than About.com had . That was the trick . Shontell : How long did that take ? Vogel : We ' ve done it over the last 12 months . The story of the first one is an easy one to tell . Shontell : Within a year you ' ve built four new brands that now are bigger than About.com ever was . Vogel : In aggregate , when you add up all the things , not ever was , because that was humongous , but we are -- our traffic now , we have more traffic now with four of our five brands launched . So four brands in the market , one brand still under the About.com name . We have more traffic now than we had a year ago , two years ago , when we were just About.com . Here 's what we did : The first thing we wanted to launch is we wanted to launch ... We launched a health brand called Very Well . We dove right into the pool . Health is our most valuable , most - trafficked , biggest vertical , so we came up with an idea . Our content is very much in the style of like WebMD or Everyday Health . But we thought those sites , we just did n't think they have served a market need . We thought that we could make a beautiful , kinder , gentler health site . You go to these some of other sites with a headache , you think you have a brain tumor . You come to us with a headache , we 're going to make your headache feel better and explain why you had a headache and make it better . That was the thesis . So we took our 100,000 pieces of health content of About.com , threw 50,000 in the garbage because they were old . We did n't like them . The other 50 [ thousand ] were read by our writers . If it was medical information ; it was read by a doctor . We had 30,000 pieces of content read by physicians , edited , cleaned up . Built a brand - new site from scratch , a new taxonomy for our content , put it on the site . We did that . We built this beautiful new site from scratch , everything from scratch . Took design , product , content , tech , everyone , walled them off . You now work for Very Well ; you do n't work for About anymore . You work for Very Well . Shontell : The About people who remained were no longer able to write about beauty and health or about -- Vogel : Yeah , we moved the health stuff all to Very Well . Health is now gone from About.com , and we launched it in April . Shontell : You see , instantly , a ton of traffic to About.com , I ' m sure , go away . Vogel : Terrifying . Really , you have to compare all of About.com to now About.com , plus Very Well , right ? So here 's what happens , a lot of , more , probably at the time , 70% of our traffic was from search . Three weeks after we did this -- Shontell : No search traffic , I ' m sure . Vogel : No , what you can do ... the trick is making the search traffic move to your new place . We built a new site with a new taxonomy so every URL over here gets redirected to one over here . A month after we launched this thing , our health traffic , which is our most valuable traffic , was down . Traffic was in like 45% or 50% . But we 're like , " OK , we 're just going to hold on and we 're already halfway done doing our next vertical . " All of a sudden , Facebook , Google , all the domains figure it out . As of now , today , I think our health brand has -- I ' m going to get this slightly wrong because I always get numbers slightly wrong -- I think we had 8 million uniques when we started a month , I think we have 17 million uniques now to Very Well . So we ' ve pretty much doubled in size in 12 months . We 're by far the fastest - growing thing in the health space . I think we 're No . 4 or 5 on comScore on health because our bet was right ... We knew that this would work . Then we launched something in the summer . Ran a very similar playbook on our personal - finance content called The Balance , which has pretty much doubled in traffic since we launched it this summer . We launched something called Life Wire in November , which is our evergreen - content tech site -- how to fix my router , how to unbrick my iPhone . We launched three weeks ago , about a month ago something called The Spruce , which is the third - biggest home site on the internet , only behind HGTV and the Hearst Brands . We had such scale on About , that we 're launching these new brands into the world that are new to the space with no legacy issues , look like start ups , but all of a sudden , like we 're top 10 in comScore because we 're coming with such scale . The market 's like , " What ? Where do you guys come from ? " And we have one more site to launch , called Trip Savvy , which we 're launching right after we change our name . We 're now going to change the name of the company May 2 . Shontell : So as a collection of sites , how much traffic do you guys have ? Vogel : More than we started . I think -- I do n't know -- last month ... internally , I think comSquare was like 60 million last month or something . So we got a lot of scale . We 're around the same size as you guys . I think internally we 're like 100 million . VeryWell is one of the new websites Neil Vogel has launched at About.com . Very Well Shontell : So , for a while it was great to be a site that was all - encompassing , had all this scale , you know , the Yahoos , MSNs , and you . Are you 're saying that that 's no longer the case and that the future is to go niche ? Vogel : It does n't work . Yeah , it does n't . I just think everybody wants expert -- Shontell : The scale days are over ? Vogel : You see it in the mall , right ? There 's no place for a department store . People do n't want that anymore . People want things that are specialty . I think the other people in our position -- Shontell : Except for Amazon . Vogel : Except for Amazon . But there 's always a place for that . There 's a place for Amazon and Target and Wal - Mart , cause they 're competing on price , or service , or something . Not on expertise . And that 's more of like a retail thing . But in content , you generally want content from someone you believe is an expert in that . That trends toward being an expert in like , a domain of content , which trends toward being vertical . And I think different people have made really interesting decisions about this . I think AOL has made a brilliant decision . We looked at our content and said , " All right , we make really premium content in these very premium areas . " AOL looked at their type of content and said , " You know what , this is content that is probably going to be best served by programmatic ad selling . " Cause of the type of content it was , not that it 's good or bad , it just is . They built an unbelievable ad stack , they assembled properties that work like this . And it totally worked , and they crushed it . And now they 're like Target . Like it totally works for them , and now that 's why Yahoo makes sense . I think MSN did n't want to deal . And Yahoo made a different decision . Like we looked at what we were doing and said , " We make money one way . We sell ads against content . And we 're doing it wrong , but that 's the fundamental model that works for us . " Yahoo wanted to become something completely different , that I do n't think anyone totally understands exactly what the thesis was . And I think that 's why it did n't work . I think the AOL - Yahoo combo is gon na be great . It 's gon na be great for advertisers . If it works it 's gon na be like a legitimate third option to the big two . And I think they took the right approach to content . Shontell : The big two being Facebook and Google . The Duopoly . Vogel : The Duopoly . No media buyer in the world wants there to be only two places to buy stuff from . Look , it 's really dangerous and they 're growing like crazy but ... If you make valuable content , and you give people a really great experience , there is a place for you in the world . When you 're general , like when you 're the old About.com , there might not have been a place for us in that world . Because it just does n't work . But when you 're Very Well or The Balance , and when you 're like a mutual - fund company that needs to advertise against people who are specifically looking for mutual fund information , we 're an unbelievable resource for them . That 's better than like guessing someone wants mutual funds on Facebook . Shontell : So one thing you mentioned is that with AOL and Yahoo merging under Verizon , you think it 'll be great . And could maybe challenge these guys . And that 's a mega - merger . Vogel : That 's a big one . Shontell : You know , all these huge companies coming together under Verizon . Do you think that 's going to keep happening , and is that is your goal with About , to build it up to a point where you could join and be a power player in a big mega - merger like this ? Vogel : I do n't know . I think if you look at the history of IAC they , you know , the market we have is $ 5 billion or $ 6 billion , but the value of the companies that have come out of IAC are , what , like $ 50 billion or $ 60 billion . So there is a history at IAC of being the builder , not the buildee . And if we do this right , we have a really interesting opportunity to build something great . Shontell : So one kind of different question for you , what 's Barry Diller like ? Vogel : First of all , he 's great . He does not suffer fools . There 's something incredible frustrating that happens when you deal with him in that you 'll be in a meeting with him , or you 'll get some feedback from him via email , or secondhand , or you 'll talk to him directly . And he will say something to you that , at the time , you will be like , " I do n't what ? " Because you 're like an arrogant CEO and you 're like , " I ... I ... I know better about my business than he does . What 's he talking about ? " And then a day later , you 're like in the shower , and you realize , like , " Ugh , he was totally right . He was a thousand percent right . " There 's nothing he hasn't seen or been through , and he has this really unique way , which I think you do , when you sit in his perspective , of just looking at our problems or issues and just ignoring the nonsense , and like , bam . Like right to it . And sometimes by getting right to it you do n't understand that right away , because you 're too in the weeds , or you 're busy running the business . But he just like , nails it . And he 's great to work for . He does not suffer fools , there 's not a lot of , like , nonsense . But it 's awesome to work for someone that , and this does n't happen a lot . Shontell : Very true . So to wrap this all up , if you had to say the one thing you ' ve had a lot of different lives in your careers . In all of them you ' ve found success . So what do you think is the one common thread that has made you successful in all of these different areas and , ultimately , in your career ? Vogel : I ' m annoyingly relentless when I believe in something . When I was a banker , I figured out that you 'll be much better at doing something if you 're passionate about it . And it 's not saying like , " My great passion in life is to build publishing companies , " or " My great passion in life is to build award shows . " But if you believe in what you 're doing and you can get excited about it , you 're gon na be a thousand times better . And I ' m really direct and I ' m really honest with people , which does n't always work that well . But if people always know where they stand with you , you will always know where you stand with them . And I think that 's really valuable .
Students from the University of Sydney ( USyd ) , the University of NSW ( UNSW ) , and Griffith University are preparing to pitch on the world stage after taking part in the Hult Prize campus competitions held last December . SP The global competition , which has students develop solutions related to a contemporary social challenge issued by former President Bill Clinton , tasked competitors with developing and pitching ideas relating to the global refugee crisis . SP The objective , labelled Reawakening Human Potential in Refugees , aims to help build sustainable , scalable social enterprises that restore refugee rights by 2022 . Four teams from UNSW and five from USyd will be travelling to the regional finals around the world in March as they look to make it through to the final international pitching event later this year . A team each from the two universities will be travelling to San Francisco , Boston , Dubai , and London , while the additional USyd team will pitch at the Shanghai regional event . A team from Griffith University will be pitching in London . SP The end goal , of course , is to win the US$ 1,000,000 seed funding prize to help bring their social enterprises to life . SP The ideas pitched at the campus finals ranged from a service focused on advocating for the hiring of refugees in retail stores and professional firms , winning first place at the USyd event , to a group looking into ways to unveil the hardships of the refugee experience through creative and technological methods , coming in second . SP The third place team at USyd focused on employing refugees in aged care facilities to aid Australia 's shortage of aged care workers . These teams , and the three winners at UNSW , won a place in a summer accelerator run by Venturetec . They will also be guided through Google Sprint by the USYD Business School , which will provide a step - by - step guide on how to launch a business , as well as desks at the Nous House coworking space . The Hult Prize is just one initiative looking to grow the startup scene at Australian universities . SP UNSW alone last year launched a number of other programs and initiatives , including the Innovation Dojo , Society of Medical Innovation , and Startup Launch . Once branded the ' Startup Games ' , Startup Launch saw the emergence of new businesses such as KeyHub . SP With the startup sector finding it difficult to attract top talent , the University of Sydney will in April be holding a Startup Careers Fair to encourage students to learn more about the startup sector and potential career opportunities . SP
How much of your time is actually spent on productive pursuits ? Probably a lot less than you think . A recent Singlehop survey of IT pros revealed that those professionals spent only 36 percent of their average workweek on new projects and proactive tasks . That means they likely spend 64 percent of that same workweek on ongoing projects and routine functions . Wasting time like this is n't a problem unique to IT pros : Even at the C - suite level , according to a McKinsey report , 20 percent of the average CEO 's time is spent on tasks that could be classified as ordinary to the point of automatic -- jobs like status report reviews and staff assignments . For decades , we have looked forward to a future where artificial intelligence handled these kinds of routine tasks for us . McKinsey estimates say that only 5 percent of jobs could be handled entirely by AI , but as many as 60 percent of today 's professional categories could outsource up to 30 percent of their workload to AI . That statistic reflects an exciting prospect for small - to - mid - sized businesses trying to stretch their resources as far as possible . But automating routine tasks is just part of what AI can do in a business setting . Simply letting machines handle the most basic jobs could have a powerful effect on efficiency , output and even morale . And those are all great results . But the potential for transformation extends much further . AI is designed to cure efficiency . Already , the AI technology that 's out there can understand and learn from basic tasks to such an extent that it can find ways to eliminate those tasks . For instance , AI can already implement human speech and text in a company 's mailroom or call center to handle simple information - sharing tasks that used to fall on human representatives . At present , some 10,000 developers are working on chatbots for Facebook Messenger alone . A variation on those same capabilities allows machines to scan , identify and analyze physical objects . Expertise that used to be exclusive to professionals , such as that of engineers and technicians , can now be optimized through the capabilities of machine learning . Finally , on the grandest scale , AI can be used to identify complex patterns that inform business intelligence , marketing , operations , logistics and everything else at the foundation of a company . It 's not a stretch to imagine a point in the near future where AI will be at the very core of how businesses operate . AI , then , has an obvious appeal for entrepreneurs . But company executives worry that AI implementation on any scale will be too expensive , complex and disruptive to reap any real value -- and that 's a valid concern but also one that underscores the need for companies to embrace AI responsibly . Entrepreneurs need to welcome AI into their organizations in a way that 's measured and thoughtful . If you look at everything through an AI lens , it 's easy to assume every problem needs an AI solution , but that is hardly the case . Executives must look at their operations holistically and determine where AI can bring the most value . Here are three questions that will help you determine how AI can best serve your business : 1 . " What problems can I rule out ? " Again , AI is n't the magical answer to all of a company 's problems . At least in its current form , AI is not a form of consciousness -- it does not have the mental flexibility and common sense that are essential to human decision - making . Rather , it 's a form of soft intelligence . While it can learn on a basic level , AI does n't rise to the level of human intelligence or pose a meaningful threat to human workers . Once you understand what you ca n't solve with AI , you 'll see just what you can . Take think tank Jigsaw , for example . The Google - affiliated organization is helping police offensive speech on the internet by cracking down on threatening remarks and slurs in websites ' comment sections . As capable as Jigsaw is , it 's not intelligent enough to recognize the context behind conversation and might make inaccurate decisions . That said , however , Jigsaw can recognize and act on the most serious and toxic comments and has the potential to grow these abilities in the future . 2 . " What processes can be made more efficient ? " Unlike the largest tech companies , you do not have to make eight - figure investments in AI . In fact , that kind of financial enthusiasm might be your worst enemy . Rather than try to integrate AI into all your processes , find the ones where it can have the biggest , fastest and most seamless effect , saving you the most time . Think of your day - to - day and week - to - week schedules : What tasks feel repetitive or even mind - numbing ? Which do you wish you could get off your plate ? There 's a good chance AI can relieve you of them . For instance , Salesforce 's AI platform , Einstein , automates the company 's data entry for customers -- a task that used to be done SP by human employees . Einstein 's general manager told Techcrunch that the goal here is to save employees time , so they can focus on " what really matters " in their roles . 3 . " How will artificial intelligence affect my ROI ? " Even after understanding AI 's potential to streamline your operations , you have to consider your bottom line . Some technologies may lead to lots of improvements but still increase complexity . And that comes with higher costs . The result : Even if your processes become more efficient , you 're losing money . Other AI - based changes may be less transformative but much easier to implement and operate . In that case , you 'll be making a smaller improvement overall , but seeing less time wasted . Even these small - scale implementations can create a big effect . For example , Persado , a cognitive content software firm , has developed algorithms that analyze clients ' customer - facing communication through AI . Analyzing and refining something as seemingly small as a subject line has created dramatic lifts in the company 's client email marketing impressions . AI is already changing the way companies operate . And advances in technology make it a tool that 's already available to organizations in nearly every industry and at every stage of growth . Thinking critically about how this tool can serve you will put AI well within your reach . K.R. Sanjiv is the chief technology officer for Wipro , a global information technology , consulting and outsourcing company . Sanjiv has more than 25 years of enterprise IT experience , including consulting , application developm ...
The Startup World Cup , which gives startups and founders the chance to win PS1 m in investment , is to reach Luxembourg in March . Luxembourger startups still have time to apply . As part of a global series of conferences and competitions with the goal of bridging startup ecosystems worldwide , the Startup World Cup event encourages the most talented entrepreneurs to battle for this prestigious award . The Luxembourg leg is one of 16 regional events that are scheduled all over the world and will lead up to a Grand Finale in Silicon Valley . This particular regional semifinal , the first event of its kind ever held in Europe , will take place in Luxembourg on 8 March 2017 . Through this global event , the Luxembourg Government , organizer Farvest and main sponsor EY Luxembourg will be giving the Luxembourg startups exposure to Silicon Valley and access to some of top VCs and tech entrepreneurs in the world . The winner of the pitching competition will represent Luxembourg at the Grand Finale in Silicon Valley competition on March 24 along with 15 other startups for a chance to win a $ 1 m investment prize . Startups looking to apply and take part on the competition can do so here . The deadline for applications is February 20 . Keynote speakers of the Luxembourg ceremony will include Thaig Khris , the founder and CEO of OnOff ; Jonathan Prince the co - founder of Digicash Payments ; Olivier Lemaire , an EY Luxembourg partner and leader of the firm 's telecom practice , and Kamel Amroune the managing director of IT One . The jury members of the Luxembourg competition are Raz Bachar , Amazon Web Service 's head of startup business development , EMEA ; Warrick Cramer , Vodafone 's global head of SCM strategy and innovation ; Yannick Oswald , a Principal at Mangrove Capital Partners , and Alain Rodermann , the founder and managing partner of Expon Capital . SP
The latest autonomous robots to hit the streets with food delivery orders are from Marble , a San Francisco startup that is partnering with Yelp to navigate crowded city streets and deliver your pad thai before it gets cold . Marble 's robots are about waist - height , a bit larger than the dog - sized models of its competitor Starship . They 're also brimming with technology borrowed from self - driving cars . Each Marble delivery bot -- there are a few of them cruising the streets of San Francisco 's Mission and Potrero Hill neighborhoods -- includes lidar , cameras and ultrasonic sensors to monitor their surroundings . The idea is that they can avoid pedestrians and safely use crosswalks by relying on the sensor data to locate themselves on the super - accurate 3D maps that Marble is building . The company says it plans to map the majority of San Francisco 's sidewalks over the coming year . That map - assisted approach is the same approach that many automakers are taking for self - driving cars , too , including Cadillac 's upcoming Super Cruise system . Visitors and San Francisco residents can order delivery from Yelp 's Eat24 app for a chance to be served by a Marble bot . If you 're selected , you 'll be offered the opportunity to accept the service and the restaurant will then pack your order into one of the robots ' cargo bays . Once it arrives , you 'll enter an access code to unlock your breakfast , lunch or dinner . Although delivery robots are still relatively rare , the Marble - Yelp partnership comes as the technology is ripening and the market is heating up . In January , Starship announced partnerships with DoorDash and Postmates to deliver food and other goods within a four - mile range . Last month , Starship also began delivering pizza from Domino 's locations in Germany and the Netherlands . If those trials are successful , Domino 's could expand the service to more of its 2,000-plus stores worldwide . Tom is PCMag 's San Francisco - based news reporter . SP
The UK Department of International Trade ( DIT ) is partnering with the Australian Chamber of Commerce to send five Australian fintech startups to the UK to participate in the inaugural British Australian Fintech Forum ( BAFF ) , which will see them collaborating with local startups and gaining insight from key industry members . SP
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360 0(t ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > It 's safe to say at this point that Elon Musk has a fondness for offbeat names . In the case of the Tesla car models , it has gotten him into some trouble . Tesla makes three different vehicles , the Model S , the Model 3 and the Model X -- which put together spell out S3X or SEX . Some Tesla owners did n't quite get the joke , and thought that the Model 3 was an upgrade on the Model S , according to The Wall Street Journal . However , for his more recent venture , underground tunneling initiative The Boring Company , Musk opted to go for a slightly higher brow choice for the name of its first tunneling machine . Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems & plays . Decided against plays & poems . Too obvious . First machine is Godot . Still waiting ... Do n't know why , when or where . The name is taken from Waiting for Godot , the classic play by Samuel Beckett in which two characters named Vladimir and Estragon wait for someone named Godot who -- 64-year - old spoiler alert -- never actually shows up . SP What that actually means for the fate of the new company is really anyone 's guess . But Musk said that the next machine 's name will likely be inspired by Robert Frost . @Tragik187 Third one will be from Frost . Maybe the second . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
Any parent will admit that tackling a professional career while raising children is challenging , to say the least . SP The majority of workplaces do n't comprehensively support parents , new or otherwise , meaning there 's often not enough time to juggle the responsibility of looking after a child versus progressing in a career . While many fathers are affected , this issue remains of particular concern for mothers in particular . SP Looking to help fix this problem , Western Australian entrepreneur Elio Adragna and his team have developed an app to help stay - at - home mothers connect with others in their local area and offer each other their professional services . The idea for the platform came as Adragna , who originally worked as a chemical engineer in Italy , saw his wife take on the challenges facing women who take on the responsibility of looking after a child at home . " Society today is structured where if you become a parent , almost everything is against you . If you want to take leave from work and come back , it 's often difficult , " he said . As women in particular are constantly warned , parents leaving the workplace to raise a child at home , even temporarily , often puts them ' behind ' others who continue to work , as they 're not able to progress their career or continue to enhance their professional skills . SP As he saw his own wife experience this , Adragna saw an opportunity to help stay - at - home mothers continue to practice their professional skills , by offering them to other mothers . By putting into practice their professional skills through Jugglr , Adragna explained that users will be better equipped to re - enter the workplace in the future if they choose , while the app also gives them an opportunity to begin developing their own business from home . SP Either way , he believes exchanging services through the app helps develop a support network for mothers that is more accessible than the traditional meetup group networks . The app works by having the identity of a new user verified by at least one existing Jugglr user . After this , a social media scan is undertaken for further verification . SP Once on the app , a mother is able to see a list of other users nearby through a map or list view . From here , the user is able to select another and view their profile , revealing what service they 're looking for and what work they have to offer . SP " You can then chat with that person to organise stuff . For example , I 'd like to exchange personal training for music lessons , " explained Adragna . SP Exchanges are n't always service - for - service based , however , as mothers are able to offer their skills to other users for money . In this case , Jugglr will take a percentage as a fee . The app provides a marketplace with search categories that allows users to find a mum offering a particular skill , which , according to Adragna , can involve almost anything . SP Personal training , teaching a language , psychiatry sessions and catering food were just a few of the services named as examples , with Adragna explaining , " The fact that a user can access a specific service is what keeps them coming back . " He said , " It 's not just simple favours you can offer , but really detailed skills . The more services there are , the more reason for mums to come back . " The user who creates a job ad is able to specify the price they 're looking for , with this able to be negotiated through the app 's messaging system . If a job is selected the user is directed to the ' to - do list ' section , which allows them to track and organise any service they ' ve offered or selected . Here a user can pay , rate other users , look at data , organise a place to meet , and keep track of what skills you 're offering or need . To help bolster the reliability of the network , if a user receives a substantially low score after a service is completed , the Jugglr team will investigate the report to see why it happened by contacting either user . Like all connection platforms , the app also allows its user to flag , block , or report another user . The idea of Jugglr helping women on the road to starting their own business is an interesting one ; as the rise of the term ' mumpreneur ' has shown , it 's becoming a popular concept . SP Despite being all about women and aimed at women , there are no women in the app 's founding team . However , discussing how the features , content , and design of the app were formulated , Adragna said the wives of all the cofounders were fundamental in the development process . SP " We would n't be able to achieve or shape anything in Jugglr without our respective wives , " he said . While this feedback may have been key , however , one could surely be forgiven for thinking it does n't quite equate to having a women as part of the startup 's core team . SP Launched mid-2016 , Adragna said there are around 3,000 users on Jugglr . As it looks to grow this number , Jugglr has been invited by Austrade to participate in a pitching event at SXSW festival in Austin in March .
startup pitches . Company : MoveEasy . Headquarters : Columbus , Ohio , United States of America . Founding Team : Venkatesh Ganapathy . Why we like it : Because moving is 100 per cent stress free ... said no one ever . The internet offers heaps of options for you to find help in moving your things from one place to another . You 're very welcome to scroll through endless google links , compare hundreds of quotes and try to coordinate the best time for you and the business to get the job done . Or , you can just head to MoveEasy and all the hard work is done for you . There 's no need to waste hours hunting down the right moving company for your personal requirements ... that is unless you want to . Do you have a large move ? Is your house more than three bedrooms ? Are you moving far far away ? Or do you just want to renovate the kitchen ? Yep , that 's more than enough questions , so just find what suits you rather than having a company question your every needs . SP Apart from the physical process of moving , MoveEasy can keep you on track by reminding you about the other important stuff involved in moving . You know , getting wifi streamed into your house , hooking up your cables and having running water would be nice straight up . MoveEasy is at the forefront of Ohio 's startup scene , blazing a trail for other startups to follow . Columbus , where MoveEasy is headquartered , is already celebrated as a new frontier for startups . Similarly , both Cincinnati and Cleveland are enjoying economic resurgences due to growth in their respective startup sectors . In particular , Cincinnati enjoyed exceptional growth between 2015 and 2016 , jumping from 35th place to 16th out of 40 metro areas in the Kauffman Index of Entrepreneurship . Realtors , property managers , HR managers , whoever you need to deal with are right there for you . So do n't waste too much on busy and get busy enjoying your new place . SP
The Customer Onboarding Global Innovation Challenge aims to disrupt customer onboarding and management through collaboration with fintech firms around the world and is presented by financial network platform Matchi along with ATB Financial and KPMG Canada . " ATB believes in reimagining banking and we 're always on the lookout for transformative new experiences to offer our customers , " said ATB 's MD James Gamage in a press release . " That 's why we 're excited to partner with KPMG and Matchi , to expand our reach into the global fintech community and discover novel new propositions to make banking work for people , " he added . Entries for the challenge opened on 29 March and close on 19 April . All entrants will be evaluated by analysts from KPMG and Matchi and will be scored individually by a panel of executives from ATB Financial . The entrants with the highest ranking solutions will be invited to pitch to another panel consisting of all three entities who will , in turn , select at least two winners . " This fintech challenge is a unique opportunity to promote innovative solutions to this market and support a major Canadian financial institution in their strategy , to enhance the customer experience and achieve new levels of operational performance , " said financial service partner at KPMG , David Bolton . The winners of the Customer Onboarding Global Innovation Challenge will have the opportunity to prove both the value and the impact of their solution . This will be done through a paid - proof - of - concept project at ATB Financial . " We 're excited to be working with ATB Financial and KPMG Canada to help them source high - quality , proven fintech solutions from around the world that can have a real impact , for the business , for their innovation agenda , and ultimately for ATB customers , " said Bolton . The challenge will be split into four categories : Entry to the challenge is done exclusively through the Matchi portal . Featured image : Michael Coghlan via Flickr SP
Conrad Egusa Contributor SP Conrad Egusa is the CEO of Publicize . More posts by this contributor : SP Brazil : A look into Latin America 's largest startup ecosystem A Look into Chile 's innovative startup government SP Victoria Stunt Contributor SP Victoria Stunt is a journalist based in Colombia and is a writer at Publicize . SP More posts by this contributor : SP Austria : The up - and - coming early - stage investment capital of Europe SP Conrad Egusa is the CEO of Publicize . Victoria Stunt is a journalist based in Colombia and is a writer at Publicize . They say that nice guys finish last -- and Canada , with its reputation for polite citizenry and its charming prime minister , is used to being overlooked . Sure , Canada may tower over the United States in physical size , but many countries of similar stature -- G7 nations , for example -- dismiss the Great White North as nothing more than America 's top hat . This is a mistake . Canada , with nine percent of the world 's forests , is a land of plenty . As well as an enviable array of natural resources , Canada also boasts incredible support for entrepreneurs , both homegrown and international . Many household names , such as Slack , Hootsuite and Shopify -- which may be mistakenly considered as U.S. products -- hail from north of the border . This proves Canada is capable of delivering on startup success . And it 's no surprise that startups excel in the country . Sure , there is less access to VC funding and the persuasive call of Canada 's southern neighbor , but the Canadian government is working hard to build and keep successful startup ecosystems . There is a huge selection of government aid available to small businesses , some of which includes grants that do n't have to be paid back . Alongside substantial government backing is Canada 's array of world - class universities . The University of Waterloo -- increasingly known as Canada 's answer to MIT -- sees incredible numbers go to Silicon Valley every year , while others all over the country produce thousands of talented grads . While eventually losing out to Colombia , Canada was shortlisted as country of the year by The Economist in 2016 . The United States ' northern neighbor boasts world - class universities and resources to develop talent and , currently , the Canadian dollar is 0.75 cents to the American dollar . This means a highly educated workforce is available for less capital for entrepreneurs all over the world who are ready and willing to make the leap to Canada . Canada has a proud history of technological innovation . Communications company Nortel pushed expansion in the 1970s , bringing talented telecom engineers . In 1983 , after a wave of deregulation , Nortel gave way to Bell Canada Enterprise ( BCE ) , which signaled an era of telecom preeminence . If that were n't enough , a year later , in 1984 , Research in Motion ( RIM ) , which today is better known as BlackBerry , was founded . While the sun may have set on BlackBerry , the impact of their phones -- and the eponymous messaging service -- has left a lasting impact on cellular phone technology . Fast - forward to the nineties and the Canadian government expanded its Scientific Research and Experimental Development ( SR&ED ) tax incentive program to allow for assistance to companies performing research and development . The legacy of this decision is clearly illustrated by Canada 's fervent support of startups in recent times . Since the turn of the new millennium , Canada has been determined to churn out initiative after initiative to support new business . The opening of the MaRS Discovery District in 2005 -- a 1.5-million - square - foot complex located in Toronto 's downtown -- provided entrepreneurs with skills via its venture program , and included a network of 1,000 high - potential - growth startups that collectively generated more than $ 1.3 billion in revenue from 2008 - 2015 . Just two years later , Maple Leaf Angels set up shop in the city center , with a focus on investing in early - stage companies . The MaRS Discovery District in Toronto . Photo courtesy of the MaRS Discovery District . Universities across the country have worked to provide space and support for startups to grow , too . In 2010 , Ryerson University founded the Digital Media Zone ( DMZ ) , a combined incubator / accelerator program that has assisted more than 130 companies . In later years , a wave of funding opportunities and globally recognized accelerator programs took root across Canada . The Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System ( OMERS ) deployed $ 180 million in early - stage startups between 2011 and 2014 , while BDC Capital launched its IT Venture Fund II , a fund worth $ 150 million . 2014 saw U.S. heavyweight The Founder Institute , founded by Adeo Ressi and Jonathan Greechen , open its first Canadian branch . In March 2016 , 500 Startups announced its $ 30 million Canada fund . With such a strong foundation of startup initiatives and technology success , it 's no wonder that Canada is in such a strong position now . Despite a population of just 2.8 million , Toronto has been named the most diverse city in the world . About half of its residents were born outside of Canada , and the city is home to 230 nationalities . As Canada 's largest city , it 's quite naturally the country 's commercial , industrial and financial center . It stands to reason that this would make Toronto stand out as the country 's biggest tech hub , too . As an example , Toronto - born FreshBooks , an accounting platform for small businesses , has more than 10 million users , and a 43,000-square - foot office in the city , which houses 245 employees . Self - publishing company Wattpad , which lets writers share their work on the platform , has 45 million users worldwide . In November , the company signed a deal with Universal Cable Productions -- the creator of Suits -- with the idea to sift through the stories online to turn the popular ones into TV shows . On - demand platform AskforTask has more than 150,000 taskers , and has doubled its business each year since launching in 2012.The aforementioned MaRS Discovery District is a tower of strength in the city 's startup community , too . The four - story brick building takes up almost one city block , and is one of the world 's largest innovation hubs , offering funding , mentorship and facilities to the city 's creators . Ryerson University 's Digital Media Zone incubator is also a resource for early - stage companies worldwide , as are a range of University of Toronto incubators and accelerators . BetaKit , a news publication led by Douglas Soltys that documents Canadian startup news , is also based in the city . As Canada 's financial hub , Toronto is home to much of the country 's investment . OMERS Ventures has had arguably one of the biggest impacts on the Canadian startup scene . The VC firm backs startups directly , including Shopify , of which the firm owns six percent . Canada also boasts the Venture Capital Action Plan ( VCAP ) to encourage more Canadian private investors . For every $ 2 in funding , the government gives another $ 1 to early - stage companies . Other financial support includes 500 Startup 's Canadian fund ; the Scientific Research and Experimental Development Program , a federal tax incentive for companies conducting research ; and the Industrial Research Assistance Program , which provides entrepreneurs with funding and advisory services to help them develop technology. 500 Startups partner Sanjay Singhal . Photo courtesy of the 500 Startups team . Yet despite this , Toronto is yet to birth a homegrown unicorn . While there are up to 4,100 active startups in the city , none are valued at over a billion dollars , and are n't necessarily household names outside the tech scene . Just 60 miles west of Toronto , however , is Waterloo , a small city of 134,000 residents , which holds much of Canada 's tech talent . Like San Francisco and the Bay Area , Toronto and Waterloo form a corridor of startup innovation between them . Yet , while Toronto is yet to see any businesses hit that magical unicorn status , Waterloo has . Waterloo is the home of telecoms giant BlackBerry , as well as newer companies that include video optimization platform Vidyard -- which last year raised $ 35 million in Series C funding -- and Bridgit , a communication app for construction teams that won Google Demo Day : Women 's Edition in 2015 . Similarly , Shopify , considered one of the country 's most successful startups , has an office in Waterloo ( as well as offices in Toronto , Ottawa , Montreal and San Francisco).Waterloo boasts the MIT of Canada -- the University of Waterloo -- which sends talent to startup ecosystems . In fact , every year , recruiters from Apple , Google and Facebook , among others , flock to this Canadian tech hub to onboard new employees ; graduates of the University of Waterloo are the second - most - frequently hired in Silicon Valley after students from University of California , Berkeley . The university 's students are famously inventive , too . In 2009 , Kik Interactive was founded by a group of students who wished to create new technologies for use on mobile smartphones ; it has gone on to become an incredible success . The Toronto and Waterloo corridor is sometimes billed -- unsurprisingly -- as the Silicon Valley of the North . Toronto mayor John Tory has said that the Toronto - Waterloo corridor has all the elements for huge success , much of which comes from the quality of universities in the area . The University of Waterloo ranks 24th in the world for computer science and information systems , and the University of Toronto -- one of Canada 's most prestigious schools -- ranks 16th . While many tech giants already have a presence in these cities , there are efforts underway to make Toronto - Waterloo rise to the top of the world 's tech scene . Following the release of the City of Toronto 's Startup Eco - system Strategy in 2015 , the city launched StartUp HERE Toronto , a website built and managed by startup influencers to feature startup news and events and put a spotlight on entrepreneurs in the Toronto - Waterloo corridor . Other notable leaders in the region include Sanjay Singhal , partner at 500 Startups ; David Crow , advisor at Venture for Canada ; Mike McDerment , CEO at FreshBooks ; David Ossip , CEO at Ceridian ; Matt Golden , founder at Golden Venture Partners ; Marcus Daniels , CEO at HIGHLINE vc ; Mark Organ , CEO at Influitive ; Salim Teja , executive vice president of Ventures at MaRS Discovery District ; Lauren Robinson , COO at Highline BETA ; Neha Khera , partner at 500 Startups ; Heather Payne , CEO at HackerYou ; Saadia Muzaffar , founder at TechGirls Canada ; Eva Lau , co - founder at Two Small Fish Ventures ; Carol Leaman , CEO at Axonify ; and Janet Bannister , general partner at Real Ventures . Vancouver is found in British Columbia ( BC ) , amongst the mountains on Canada 's west coast . With a population that just exceeds 600,000 , the city 's easygoing vibe makes it one of the most attractive places in Canada . In fact , Vancouver is rated the fifth city for quality of life in the world by Mercer , the only North American city to make the list . Vancouver residents are n't shy about being in the greenest , and arguably most beautiful , city in Canada . They 're also getting pretty good at representing their rising tech scene . The entire province of BC now boasts more than 100,000 people working in the tech sector . Employment in the industry rose 2.9 percent in 2016 , compared to the national tech sector 's growth at 1.1 percent . Tech in BC employs more people than the mining , oil , gas and forestry industries -- combined . Boasting mountains and ocean just like Silicon Valley , Vancouver also has seen some of the biggest Canadian acquisitions . Vancouver 's PlentyofFish , the popular dating website , was purchased by Match Group in 2015 for US$ 575 million , for example . Even more , Vancouver is home to OMER Ventures - backed Hootsuite -- which is valued at US$ 1 billion -- as well as everyone 's favorite , Slack . Although Slack the company is technically based in San Francisco , CEO Stewart Butterfield also works out of Vancouver , or Vancity as it 's often called . In the hopes of fostering more unicorns like Slack and PlentyofFish and fastening BC 's startup scene on the world map , the provincial government set up a $ 100 million fund for early - stage funding in December 2015 . Since then , there have been about 14,000 new tech jobs in the province . Also located in Vancouver is the BC Tech Association . Founded in 1993 , BC Tech provides growth , talent and advocacy programs to tech companies in the province . Being on the west coast , and therefore the same coast as startup hubs in San Francisco , has its advantages . Startups in the city attract a lot of outside attention , including from Silicon Valley stalwarts . In February of this year , Vancouver - based TIO Networks , which offers online and mobile solutions for bill payments , and processed more than US$ 7 billion in fiscal 2016 , was acquired by PayPal for $ 304 million . Similarly , Kickstarter opened its first office outside of the United States in the same month , after acquiring Vancouver - based startup Huzza . Traction Conference , hosted by Launch Academy and Boast Capital , is one of a number of popular conferences in the city , and , according to BetaKit 's Jessica Galang , puts an emphasis on helping startups learn actionable ways to accelerate their businesses . Cube Business Media , led by Mark Stephenson and Dave Tyldesley , is another organization hosting events throughout the city . Like Toronto and Waterloo , Vancouver boasts world - class universities , such as the University of British Columbia and Simon Fraser University . SFU Innovates is a program from the latter , which seeks to build and support innovation and entrepreneurship across the university . It has so far contributed $ 1.3 billion to BC 's economy . Similarly , UBC 's Startup Weekend event inspires would - be founders to get set up within 54 hours in a do - or - die race to success . Said investor Ali Saheli of 7 Gate Ventures over the phone , " Vancouver allows founders to remove all of the noise that you would get from the Valley and to focus on building products . In the past couple of years the number of early - stage startups has significantly grown thanks to government grants and communities such as Launch Academy and The Next Big Thing."Additional notable leaders in the city include investors Boris Wertz and Markus Frind , entrepreneurs Stephen Ufford of Trulioo , Ali Davar of Qudos , Ray Walia of Launch Academy , Carol Newell , founding investor and principal at Renewal Partners and Shahrzad Rafati , CEO at BroadbandTV . Additional startups and events are well - documented by Alex Chuang of Launch Academy on TechCrunch here . One of North America 's most European cities , Montreal , Quebec , is also the second - largest primarily French - speaking city in the world , just after Paris . The city has an undeniable allure -- with tons of public art displays , miles of bike lanes and world - class festivals , such as Festival International de Jazz de Montreal , as well as Startupfest . Although Montreal may host a less mature ecosystem when compared to other cities , it boasts world - class universities , including McGill University and Universite de Montreal , and a host of government programs . Additionally , Montreal is home to almost 50 percent of all Startup Weekends in Canada , training close to 1,000 entrepreneurs a year."Local government provides the best programs in North America with millions of dollars in grants , loans , innovation tax credits , and even government backed incubators without any cost to the entrepreneurs , " said Montreal Founder Institute Director Sergio Escobar over the phone . " As any emerging ecosystem , Montreal has many challenges . Among them , Montreal counts very few seed - stage investors and no pre - seed ones . Many times , seed investors tend to function closer to Series A investors with non - friendly term sheets and low valuations."The Founder Institute team in Montreal . Photo by Charles Laberge , Collaboration Speciale , La Presse , 3 September 2015.Startupfest is a three - day festival that takes place in a relaxed " Tent Village . " It features keynote speakers , how - to sessions and $ 200,000 investment opportunities from festival angel investors . Even more , the festival features a panel of infamously tough Grandmothers , to whom entrepreneurs pitch their startups . While the city is considered the cultural capital of Canada , Montreal is also an artificial intelligence stronghold . Just in January , Microsoft announced it would double its investment to AI research and development in the city . Over a five - year period , the tech giant will gift $ 6 million to the Universite de Montreal , and $ 1 million to McGill University . A week before this announcement , Microsoft acquired natural language processing and AI startup Maluuba , which was founded by Waterloo graduates Kaheer Suleman and Sam Pasupalak in 2011 . In February 2016 , it also bought Groove , a Montreal music app that uses machine learning to come up with personalized playlists . In terms of resources for entrepreneurs in Montreal , FounderFuel is an accelerator funded by Real Ventures , a Canadian VC firm . Entrepreneurs Anonymous is a peer - to - peer support group , which takes place at a different Montreal bar each month . Notable leaders in Montreal 's ecosystem include John Stokes , general partner at Real Ventures ; Sergio Escobar , managing director at the Founder Institute Montreal ; LP Maurice , co - founder and CEO at Busbud ; Chris Arsenault , partner at iNovia Capital ; Mike Cegelski and Francois Gilbert of Anges Quebec ; Alan MacIntosh , partner at Real Ventures ; Daniel Robichaud , CEO at PasswordBox ; Helge Seetzen of TandemLaunch ; Beatrice Couture , general manager at InnoCite ; and Emma Williams , director at Maison Notman House . The three most popular cities in Canada do not exclusively dominate the startup ecosystem . There are flickers -- and sometimes flares -- of startup activity that certainly have the potential to grow larger in the coming years . Canada 's capital , Ottawa , sits on the border with Quebec , and is just about two hours from the city of Montreal . Parliament Hill is the city 's main attraction -- and depending on the season , visitors and residents alike skate on the Rideau Canal , which winds for five miles throughout the city . Ottawa is home to Canadian unicorn Shopify , and has been on a kick to make itself the best city in Canada to start a business . Ottawa - based SaaS accelerator L - SPARK , which is directed by Leo Lax , supports talent in the city and also hosts SAAS North , a conference that helps Canadian companies network and promotes Ottawa as the country 's capital of SAAS."In Ottawa there is a wealth of experienced C - level executives from the telecommunications industry , and as that industry has slowed down it has created an enormous talent pool for startups , " said Leo Lax over the phone . " We can shortcut the challenges of building a SAAS company through the experience of the people here . " Further support in Ottawa includes Invest Ottawa , a group that delivers economic development programs to give entrepreneurs a head start in Canada 's capital . The SAAS North team in Ottawa . Photo by Velour Productions . Other notable leaders in Ottawa 's ecosystem include Tobi Lutke , CEO of Shopify ; Allan Wille , CEO at Klipfolio , Terry Matthews , chairman of Wesley Clover International ; Jamie Petten , co - founder of SAAS North ; Craig Fitzpatrick , CEO of PageCloud ; Adrian Salamunovic and Nazim Ahmed of Canvas Pop ; investor Aydin Mirzaee ; Victoria Lennox , co - founder and CEO of Startup Canada ; and Haidee Thanda , founder of Hacking Health Ottawa . Another city to consider is Edmonton , which is also beginning to carve out a place on the map in the country 's startup scene . The city 's hubs include incubator TEC Edmonton -- a joint University of Alberta and City of Edmonton initiative ranked the world 's 16th best business incubator - Business Link , as well as Startup Edmonton . For the past two years Startup Edmonton has hosted Edmonton Startup Week , which features more than 20 community events for entrepreneurs across the city . Lastly , Labrador and Newfoundland , which are the most eastern point of North America , are beginning to develop grassroots startup communities . This includes StartupNL , a community of entrepreneurs led by Will Gough , Jason Janes and Roger Power that hosts events and programs . In 2014 , the government of Newfoundland and Labrador unveiled a $ 15 million fund to invest in local entrepreneurs and startups , and in 2016 , three St. John 's , Newfoundland startups announced funding of more than $ 2 million , including game developer Clockwork Fox Studios , marketing collaboration platform HeyOrca and software provider Sentinel Alert . Canada 's ecosystem is still in its early stages . Companies tend to exit too early rather than focusing on growing something sustainable . It often feels like Canadians bow out where Americans -- for whatever reason -- might not . Similarly , sub - zero temperatures scare people to warmer areas , leading to a brain drain and serious demand for startup - orientated marketers . Many current marketing staff are not au fait with startup performance , due to their backgrounds in more traditional industries . Canadian investors have historically looked at minerals and mining companies , which attract much of the capital . People tend to invest in other industries rather than startups because of their prior experience . On the other hand , Canada provides affordable development talent , and thousands of people graduate each year from some of the best universities in the world . Founders are now beginning to enter the startup market again after their first exits , and there is a growing sense of community . In recent years there has been impressive growth in the number of people interested in startups . Government tax incentives reward companies for investing in research and development . Then there is the Trump question . The new U.S. administration 's hard stance against immigrants can only play into Canada 's favor -- with worldwide talent flocking to the Great White North , the opportunity is Canada 's to lose . Over the last five years , Canada has brought in more than 800,000 immigrants to fill holes in the jobs market . With an unfriendly U.S. approach to immigration , international talent could easily look to Canada instead of America as a land of hope and opportunity . With 20 percent of Canada 's population already born elsewhere , the country now offers a startup visa to encourage international entrepreneurs to immigrate , with permanent residence status . This is crucial to Canada 's future success . By 2019 , there will be 182,000 tech jobs up for grabs and nowhere near enough people to fill them . So while Canada 's tech scene is growing , there is yet more to come . There are a lot of bright things to come for Canada 's startup scene .
Companies depend on product managers to have a clear understanding of the company vision in order to move the product forward . Recently we asked talked with Mike Lewis , business travel product manager at Airbnb , at Galvanize to discuss all things product management and what they need to be thinking about to help the company succeed . Mike talked about understanding the difference between the mission versus the vision of the company . " Vision is where you want to be , mission is where you are now . And without a clear vision , it 's difficult to understand where you want to be , " Mike said . Mike said that product managers need to have knowledge in five primary areas : understanding of the market , company strategy , needs of the company , competitor 's strategy and industry trends . After working to establish a clear vision for the company we asked Mike what the product manager 's actual role is in helping to help the company move towards success . Mike offered seven suggestions for product managers : Plan / prioritize the company roadmap monthly , quarterly , and yearly based on the size of your company and needs Access what 's not happening and clearly articulate what is not going on the product roadmap in the future . Allow enough time for product to ship by giving double estimates ( doubling the amount of time needed for a product release ) making sure to leave some time for that one little thing that might have been missed Develop and build out project requirements and project management . Determine what you would like to achieve by the end of the week , month , quarter , and year Release and promote by preparing pre - messaging for customers , scheduling and managing release times with internal teams and sales so everyone is on the same page Hire a data scientist to measure results , a / b test , and measure adoption . If you 're failing to meet metrics , it 's due to , use case , the implementation is wrong ( tends to be this ) , the demand from the customer was n't what they envisioned or your success metric was miscalculated . Take the time to course correct , otherwise , all is for naught . Listen to customers and collect feedback . This is critical to your success as customers are the lifeblood of your company . Mike referred to a product manager at a startup as a one man band . Typically their background falls into business , design , or tech , and intersects in the middle of these categories . Product managers tend to be strong in one area and weak in another . Read more about hiring talent at Tech . Co . This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
Last night I had the pleasure of being part of a new approach by accounting software company MYOB to eradicate the often confusing jargon used on Budget nights by industry leaders , politicians , journalists , and instead make the Budget simple and accessible to the everyday Australian . I feel that the live # MYOBudget initiative was both fun and informative , with myself and fellow panellists Nicola Hazell , Pamela Madytionis , Simon Dennis and host Matt Hardy were able to highlight some of the key wins and concerns of the Budget across a broad range of issues in a very short amount of time . SP I do believe that some of the initial commentary put out by the startup ecosystem last night was at the very least premature and perhaps a little ill - informed , however . SP As our Head of Content , Gina Baldassarre points out in her piece on Budget 2017 the Turnbull Government has commissioned a Strategic Plan from Innovation and Science Australia around what innovation in Australia should look like in the future . This will be delivered in the last quarter of 2017 - indicating a NISA version 2.0 of sorts may be on the horizon . Last night on the couch , I was critical of the obsession in the startup ecosystem of needing to use certain buzzwords in order to feel validated by Australian society and our Government . SP That type of distraction meant key commentators within our ecosystem failed to recognise the big picture opportunities that will exist for startup companies as a result of the sizeable investment being made in regional infrastructure like rail transport , the establishment of the Regional Growth Fund , the increased investment into the Building Better Regions initiative , and the launch of Regional Jobs and Investment Packages . SP There is nothing saying that metro - headquartered startups can not leverage regional - focused incentives to scale parts of their business like their development teams . Other initiatives cited around addressing skills gaps and STEM education will help to transition and up - skill these communities , connect our regional and metro centres in a meaningful way , and create a startup ecosystem that leverages our wide sparse land - mass - and make it a unique strength of the Australian startup ecosystem . SP Dave McClure from 500Startups has reiterated time and time again we need to stop trying to emulate other startup communities and create our own - regional and rural Australia is key to that exercise . My final thought goes to those who look at the investment in regional Australia right now and refuse to believe that the nearly 1.3 million entrepreneurs across the regional Australian landscape are small business owners not building scalable startups ... There once was a digital agency in Cronulla that used to do client work sending out email marketing campaigns for clients , and it was a relatively small operation once upon a time - a small business , if you will . The founders of the business then decided to leverage technology to help make things in their business more efficient . That small business is today called Campaign Monitor , has over 800,000 customers globally , and we call it a startup . SP Because it has achieved scale . For # Budget2017 we here at Startup Daily are going to focus on recognising the opportunities that exist for innovation across the various initiatives . It is those opportunities that will scale and those companies will in turn be startups we write content about .
Co - founders pose with a sign for UpNext , the startup they sold to Amazon , on their last day at the e - commerce giant . They went on to found Viro Media . ( From left : Raj Advani , Danny Moon , Robin Har , and Vik Advani . Viro Media Photo ) SP Danny Moon believes we 're on the cusp of a virtual reality revolution that 's held back by a lack of content . Getting more VR experiences on the market was the impetus for the Viro Media , a startup he co - founded with longtime partners Raj and Vik Advani and Robin Har in 2015 . Their goal is " democratizing VR development , " Moon said . Viro just closed a $ 2.5 million funding round to bring on more developers and accelerate that vision . The cash will go toward building out Viro 's framework , which enables developers to create virtual reality apps and experiences using programming tools they already know . " Our stack is our own 3D render engine combined with React Native so it 's a familiar open - source framework from Facebook that lots of web and mobile developers are familiar with , " Moon said . " Now they can leverage their skills to start building for VR . " The round was led by Lowercase Capital , SoftBank NYC , and Eniac Ventures with participation from Presence Capital , Box Group , Betaworks , Rugged Ventures . Prior to Viro , the company 's four co - founders launched and built UpNext , a 3D mapping startup that sold to Amazon in 2012 . The team stayed on at Amazon for a few years , helping to incorporate the technology into Kindle tablets and the now - defunct Fire Phone . " We have always been very interested in 3D visualization technologies and when we saw VR , we immediately knew this is where we wanted to go , " Moon said . " We started building apps on some of the game engines and while we believe they 're great tools , they did n't service the need we were looking for . We wanted to build more content - focused , dynamic and interactive applications . So rather than build the app we decided to build the framework . " Viro 's seven - person team is headquartered at the WeWork Westlake co - working space in Seattle . Watch Viro Media 's launch video below . SP
Starting today the Mobile Bank N26 offers N26 Business , a dedicated account for freelancers and self - employed . Customers can now use one account to navigate both their business and private finances . It comes with all the known N26 features and a Business Mastercard . N26 Business is available in all markets for natural persons who are self - employed . This is the first step into the business segment and will be followed by an account for legal entities . New customers can sign up paperless for the product within 8 minutes , just choosing N26 Business in the process . N26 Business comes with real - time push notifications for all transactions on the account and MoneyBeam - the instant money transfer . All account and card functions can be monitored and controlled from the N26 mobile app , including blocking or unblocking a card , ordering a new card or changing a PIN . Automatic categorisations of purchases into categories give a clear overview where the money is going . Especially useful for freelancers is the tags feature , which allows you to tag transactions associated with one project with as many hashtags as you want to and pull overviews for just that project . This also immensely simplifies splitting the business from the personal purchases for tax reporting . The account also comes with a Mastercard Business that will give a cashback on all transactions of 0,1% . Valentin Stalf , the founder and CEO of N26 stated : " With N26 Business we help freelancers and self - employed to fully focus on their business , while saving costs for a traditional business account , which may add up to a few hundred Euros per year . More business specific features will follow later this year . " N26 aims to digitize every dimension of traditional retail banks , but in addition to developing many product features directly in - house , N26 also selectively partners with other FinTechs and innovative financial services providers . N26 gives its customers one - click access to the best financial products by leveraging innovation from around the world . N26 was founded in early 2013 by Valentin Stalf and Maximilian Tayenthal . Today , the Berlin - based startup counts more than 300.000 clients in 17 countries : Austria , Belgium , Estonia , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Latvia , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Portugal , Slovakia , Slovenia , and Spain and currently employs 200 people . Since January 2015 , N26 has been available for Android , iOS , and desktop . N26 has raised more than $ 55 million from investors including Li Ka - Shing 's Horizons Ventures , Battery Ventures and Valar Ventures , in addition to members of the Zalando management board , Earlybird Venture Capital and Redalpine Ventures . N26 is Europe 's first Mobile Bank with a full European banking license and is setting new standards in banking .
Coastline helps restaurants place orders directly from fishermen . ( Coastline Image ) SP You 'd be hard - pressed to find a marketplace more analog than fishermen selling seafood straight from the dock at the crack of dawn . Coastline Market sees that as a big opportunity . The Vancouver , B.C. startup has developed a digital marketplace that connects restaurants and retailers with local fishing operations . The platform allows customers to place and track orders , pay online , and find out where and how their seafood was harvested . Coastline CEO Robert Kirstiuk got the idea after watching dock workers sell the day 's catch . He started asking more questions about the industry and quickly realized he could make the process more efficient using technology . Twenty - five restaurants and six fishing boats in Vancouver already use Coastline 's platform . The startup is currently working through the Techstars Seattle 2017 class . We caught up with Kirstiuk for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " We connect restaurants and retailers to local commercial fishermen . We help eliminate middlemen with our online platform . " Inspiration hit us when : " I was visiting family in New Brunswick , Canada when I wondered why some fishermen preferred to sell direct off the dock instead of selling directly in the city . This opened up a whole new set of questions and thinking about the fishing industry for us . VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " VC and Angel . With the advent of accessible technology in the fishing industry , we have a unique opportunity to move quickly and build a defensible model through network effects . Growth funding from VCs and Angels provides us with the best opportunity to grow to critical mass and establish a global presence in the shortest timeframe possible . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " Unlike traditional wholesalers , we utilize a just - in - time system to eliminate the need for cold storage or warehousing . This radically reduces the environmental and capital cost of preserving seafood , while providing clarity and transparency throughout the supply chain . " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " Moving to Seattle to accelerate our company through Techstars . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " We hastily built our initial prototype without customer feedback , and ended up delivering a narrow - sighted solution with poor product - market fit . In the end , we had to discard the old codebase and start from scratch . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " Gates . His unique mix of intelligence , philanthropy , and results - driven attitude really resonates with our core values as a company . " Our favorite team - building activity is : " Eating ! Everyone on our team is a self - proclaimed Foodie . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " Cultural alignment . As a company , we 're focused on hiring people that live and breathe our anchor values . We care about getting the right people on our boat ; not putting them in the perfect seat . Technical aptitude and expertise is something that can be learned over time - alignment is not . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " Never underestimate the inertia of large corporations . The biggest reason why ideas never become reality is because of the prevailing notion that someone out there with more resources , information or expertise must have thought about / executed on the opportunity . " Editor 's note : GeekWire is featuring each of the companies in the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator as they prepare for their Demo Day April 19 .
Japanese telecom giant and startup investor , Softbank , wants India 's top two online retailers to join forces to fight Amazon in the country . Softbank is reportedly " orchestrating " a merger between Flipkart , India 's biggest online retailer , and rival Snapdeal , and could possibly have a deal by the end of next SP month . SP SEE ALSO : India 's biggest online retailer is acquiring eBay 's India business , report says Interestingly , Softbank is the largest investor in Snapdeal with a 30 percent share . SP Snapdeal though is struggling to survive in the face of stiff domestic competition , especially after the aggressive expansion of Amazon which is now the second - biggest online retailer in the country . SP It has been in talks with various domestic rivals for a possible merger . Snapdeal even considered merging with Alibaba - backed Paytm , according to reports . The Chinese internet giant is an existing investor in Snapdeal too . SP Not only Snapdeal , but even Flipkart is feeling the Amazon heat . SP Most recently , it was reportedly in talks to acquire eBay 's India business as part of a $ 2 billion fund raising that saw investments from Tencent and Microsoft . The online retailer has been devalued by Morgan Stanley twice in quick succession and is now valued at a mere $ 5.37 billion from $ 15.2 billion in 2015 . SP Softbank , meanwhile , is looking to invest about $ 1.5 billion for a 15 percent share in the Flipkart - Snapdeal combine , the Times of India report added . If and when the new entity comes about , it would be Amazon 's primary competitor in India . SP Last year , Amazon 's gains had come at the expense of Flipkart and Snapdeal 's market share in the $ 15 billion online retail industry . Currently , the Jeff Bezos - owned internet giant is doing a business of about $ 4 billion and is the No . 2 in India after Flipkart . India is a particularly important market for Amazon , especially after its failure in China . " Success in India means that Amazon 's retail model can work outside of ' traditional ' markets in North America and Europe , and helps provide better visibility in how Amazon can continue to grow for many years in the future , " a San Francisco - based analyst was quoted as saying . SP Mashable has reached out to Flipkart and Snapdeal for comment . SP
The commonwealth of Puerto Rico is steeped in more than $ 70 billion of debt that has been accruing for the better part of a decade . The local government 's irresponsible issuance of bonds and the decision by the U.S. Congress to cut corporate tax breaks have contributed to the current fiscal crisis and subsequent exodus of U.S. companies and Puerto Rican citizens from the island . To make matters worse , the island 's agricultural industry is at a standstill , importing more than 85 percent of its produce . Puerto Ricans also pay two to three times more for electricity than average Americans , due in part to their dependence on oil imports and because the government - owned utility company is plagued with billions in debt . On June 30 , President Barack Obama signed the Puerto Rico Oversight , Management and Economic Stability Act ( PROMESA ) , which creates a committee ( consisting of no elected Puerto Rican officials ) to oversee the island 's finances . Some have criticized the law as a devolution to America 's colonial past . Former Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla lobbied heavily for the bill 's passage and he acknowledged that the commonwealth has a long way to go to recover financially . As part of its new economic development plan , Puerto Rican officials are looking to technology and entrepreneurship to revitalize the economy , attract its bright minds back to the island and solve the sustainability problems bedeviling the commonwealth . In 1976 , Congress passed Section 936 of the federal tax code , granting U.S. corporations a tax exemption from income originating from U.S. territories . Manufacturers , largely from the pharmaceutical industry , flocked to Puerto Rico to take advantage of these tax breaks . It was boom time on the island ; until the tax incentives phased out in 2006 ( Congress voted in 1996 to rescind them ) , the island enjoyed 28 out of 29 years of economic growth . Since 2005 , Puerto Rico has seen negative growth eight out of 10 years and , just as the automotive industry left Michigan , so too fled Puerto Rico 's most prevalent manufacturers -- pharmaceutical companies -- in droves . With the exodus of the big corporations , the workers soon followed . Puerto Rico has been experiencing a net population loss since 2005 that accelerated in 2010 as the mainland began to recover from the 2008 recession . According to the Pew Research Center , Puerto Rico had a net population loss to the mainland of 64,000 in 2014 , more than double the net loss of 26,000 in 2010 . Vice 's Samuel Oakford reported in April of 2015 that " for the first time in history , stateside Puerto Ricans -- 4.9 million -- outnumber the 3.5 million who remain on the island . " Puerto Rico is trying to bring back corporations through a series of tax incentives , which have been signed into law since 2008 . Two laws in particular , Act 73 ( 2008 ) and Act 20 ( 2012 ) , set a fixed income tax rate of 4 percent for commercial manufacturers and companies exporting services from the island , respectively . A 50 percent tax credit for research and development activity costs has also been instituted under Act 73 . According to Puerto Rico Secretary of Economic Development and Commerce , Alberto Baco Bague , " 20% of the companies that operate under [ Act 20 ] are tech oriented ... and the rest have a tech - related component . " " Technology is certainly one of the pillars of our economic development program , " wrote Baco in an email to me . " As of today , we have a strong tech cluster with examples like Infosys , a global leader in creating breakthrough solutions that address mobility , sustainability , big data , and cloud computing and Honeywell , with a new EMI ( electronic magnetic [ sic ] interference ) research lab that alone will create 300 jobs . " Baco also mentioned Truenorth , Rock Solid and Fusionworks as examples of a burgeoning corporate IT sector . To buoy the tech sector , Puerto Rico is trying to reinvent itself as a knowledge - based economy that will compete globally in part by creating a thriving entrepreneurial ecosystem . The 2012 - 2013 Global Competitiveness Report from the World Economic Forum ranked Puerto Rico third in the availability of scientists and engineers . According to Lucy Crespo , the CEO of the Puerto Rico Science , Technology and Research Trust , a public - private trust aiming to turn the island into a tech hub by 2020 , Puerto Rico graduates 22,000 STEM students and 60 to 70 percent leave the island . " For many years , our schools and universities prepared our professionals to work for someone else , " said Crespo during an interview in the capital , San Juan . " So we did n't develop a full ecosystem , we did n't create a culture in which students from the universities thought , you know , gee , how can I become an entrepreneur ? " The trust recently established the Technology Transfer and Commercialization Office to help develop and commercialize intellectual property from the island 's universities and provide income tax breaks for researchers working in their grant program . Baco tells me , " While big hitters are important , a new breed of entrepreneurs has flourished , and we have joined forces with our diaspora using their knowledge and network reach to further propel economic growth . " Parallel18 , a startup accelerator in San Juan backed by the trust and the government , has reached out beyond the Puerto Rican diaspora , soliciting help from Start - Up Chile founder Sebastian Vidal . Ducking in and out of a corner office at Parallel18 to check on a presentation from a local P&G executive , Vidal told me that he did n't come here to copy what he did in Chile . " Start - Up Chile was more about building a startup community and the entrepreneurs were tasked with going to universities and being like mentors , " said Vidal . " Parallel18 has those aspects but the focus is more on making an impact with the economy as fast as possible . " He acknowledged that the political and economic system is much different from his homeland and there is a short timeline to create a significant , economic impact . Also staffed by Puerto Rican entrepreneurs returning from abroad , Parallel18 is a five - month accelerator program for companies from around the world and from the island that offers $ 40,000 equity - free funding with a chance for follow - on funding if qualified alumni decide to establish their company in Puerto Rico . In exchange , entrepreneurs engage with local university students to help foster a culture of entrepreneurialism . The program is already starting to bear fruit . Of its first cohort of 36 startups , seven international startups have stayed to continue their businesses from Puerto Rico and 12 local startups are up and running , according to Marie Custodio , spokesperson for Parallel18 . Other startup initiatives include Piloto 151 , a co - working space in the colorful Old San Juan district that has partnered with the Founder Institute ; ConPRometidos , a social impact incubator and consulting firm ; Grupo Guayacan , which since 1996 has been working to develop a private equity and entrepreneurial ecosystem on the island ; and PRANS , a community of business leaders from different sectors that donate time to help potential investors evaluate and set up investment projects . Parallel18 is being used as a vetting source to help bring quality companies to the attention of local and international VCs to create a deal flow -- a main challenge for the ecosystem . " In general , capital is frozen because of the uncertainty surrounding the [ island 's ] fiscal issues , " says Kenneth Kay , an angel investor and founder of the Puerto Rico Capital Network . " Despite the challenging environment , I am optimistic that a vibrant startup scene is possible in Puerto Rico . " Kay points to recent tax legislation favorable to venture capitalists , particularly an amendment to allow software as a service ( SaaS ) companies the fixed income tax rate of 4 percent under Act 73 and Act 185 , which provides tax incentives for private equity funds , as moves to help attract investors to the ecosystem . The government estimates that 790 Act 20 decrees will have been granted by the end of 2016 , with 423 projected to have been granted in 2016 alone -- a sign that this program could be gaining steam among investors . In August , several Puerto Rican business associations sued the public utility PREPA for proposed electricity rate hikes on an island where its citizens are already paying two to three times more for electricity than average Americans . The strongest factor for the island 's high energy costs is that four - fifths of energy used in Puerto Rico comes from petroleum and the island neither produces nor refines crude oil -- it imports all of it , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . " Sustainable energy is key to Puerto Rico 's future , " Puerto Rico expert and journalist Juan Gonzalez told a crowd at New York University in 2015 , the same year the island began to comply with a Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard that forces PREPA " to supply 20% of retail electricity sales from eligible ' green energy ' resources by 2035 . " In September , energization began at the largest solar farm in the Caribbean located on Puerto Rico 's northwest coast , and local startups are also taking on the toughest energy issues . For example , San Juan - based TEBS ( short for Traffic Energy Bar System ) has patented a system that captures kinetic energy from cars passing over a mechanism implanted in roadways and converts it into electrical energy to power nearby street lamps . And Sunne Cleantech Labs , a company that creates solar energy products , recently announced pre - sales of its Sunne Heater , a patent - pending solar water heater . Energy rates are n't the only sustainability woes on the island . In 2015 , Puerto Rico imported more than 85 percent of its produce and Puerto Rican - grown rice went on sale in August for the first time since 1989 . The government has taken steps to boost agriculture , including a $ 4 million investment to help a local university improve soil conditions . But perhaps more promising is that local entrepreneurs are stepping up to tackle the issue . UAV - IQ uses drones to scout acres and acres of growing area , using multispectral sensors so farmers have better insights into their crops , and eFARM , a social media - inspired e - commerce platform , connects Puerto Rico 's organic farmers directly to consumers on the island and around the world . In an email interview , 16-year old eFARM founder Jose Nolla - Marrero told me he " noticed that finding organic and sustainable foods was very difficult and expensive in Puerto Rico and [ I ] envisioned an app to help find the farms , their products and plan a route to them . " Nolla - Marrero embodies the next - generation Puerto Rican professional that the government is trying to cultivate : The entrepreneur . " I believe we are adopting an entrepreneurial mindset already , " wrote Nolla - Marrero . " We are creative , hard - working , have great mobility to the US and the world , and are ready to tackle problems and scale outside of the traditional corporate career path . " " The enthusiasm in our generation is palpable and contagious . I feel strides have been made and it 's a path many want to take but may not have had the level of support seen these days . "
South Africa has been in hot water politically and economically after the country 's credit rating was downgraded to " junk status " earlier this month . Despite this the local currency has shown resilience and economists believe that policy changes should steer the country towards a recovery . According to its central bank governor , the country is still attracting capital flows which should be good news for South Africa 's tech scene . Africa , as a continent , has a growing tech scene with 314 active tech hubs . South Africa leads the continent with 54 , according to a recent graphic by GSMA Ecosystem Accelerator . But if there 's a tech scene South Africa can learn from , it 's Poland 's . Poland has positioned itself as the major tech hub of central and eastern Europe ( CEE ) . Its roster of companies with multi - million dollar valuations is growing . Here are six lessons South Africa can learn from Poland 's tech scene : Poland produces top tech talent . Computing is part of the curricula at all levels . Programming website HackerRank puts Poland at third globally as the country with the best developers . This hasn't been gone unnoticed by other major startups . Lower labour costs and an English - speaking population has enabled Poland to become a major outsourcing destination for software development work for companies in the US and UK . Polish software companies have made software - as- a - service ( SaaS ) their niche . SaaS allows these tech companies to have worldwide presence without having to worry about cross - border distribution or putting physical presence abroad . There is a wide array of services catering to both B2B and B2C markets . Among some notable SaaS brands include social media monitoring service Brand24 , social SP listening tool SentiOne and development platform SaaS Manager . Polish entrepreneurs also insist on building sustainable businesses . While there are active venture capital funds and angel investors active in Poland 's tech hubs , most entrepreneurs insist on funding themselves . This allows their businesses to be profitable from the start rather than worry about making an exit to make money . South Africa has yet to produce its own unicorn . Perhaps Poland 's best known billion - dollar companies are game developer CD Projekt and ecommerce auction site Allegro . Nurturing a homegrown unicorn can open up more opportunities . It communicates that the country continues to be a viable place for business and it also create prospects for spin - offs . Email marketing platform GetResponse , which now has more than 250 000 active users including enterprises such as Avon , Hilton , and Citroen , has enjoyed positive business and eventually spun off new services such as ClickMeeting . Part of cultivating the scene is presenting it as a regional hub . This includes hosting global events that gathers industry and thought leaders in the region . Poland is host to two of the biggest tech events - Pipeline Summit and InfoShare . These events draw developers , entrepreneurs and investors together and playing host to such events position the country as the epicenter of tech activities . It is also important to be the gateway for a bigger market . Poland has been that for the CEE . There 's a reason why Google elected to put up a campus in Warsaw - it 's the search giant 's foothold for the rest of CEE . Since the move , Google has unveiled programs to fuel tech development in Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic through is Warsaw campus . South Africa already enjoys being the gateway for business in the region in general . Nairobi and Kenya are also making strides in their tech scenes so there are contenders to South Africa 's position . It 's time for South Africa to refocus that image for tech . Ultimately , the challenge lies in the tech startups themselves . With such a troubled economy , it is critical to consider sustainable growth rather than rely on venture capital and exits . By bootstrapping and focusing on innovation , there 's always the chance for a big break for any of SA 's startups . Itai Elizur is COO at Inbound Junction , a content marketing agency specialising in helping startups and business increase their online visibility . Find him on https://twitter.com/ItaiElizur Featured image : Juan Antonio F. Segal via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resize ) Great article ! Thank you for mentioning SentiOne ! SP <3 from SentiOne ! Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startups
Fresh from its debut on the ASX last month , logistics software company GetSwift has announced the appointment of Jamila Gordon , a non - executive director , to the role of Global Chief Information Officer . Gordon has been tasked with leading the company 's digital vision , overseeing all client integration and ensuring the stability and security of the GetSwift platform . Bane Hunter , executive chairman of GetSwift , welcomed Gordon 's appointment , saying , " Jamila 's extensive capabilities in digital and IT transformation , plus her background working at blue - chip multinational institutions , leaves her incredibly well equipped to manage our growing IT needs and provide innovative , efficient solutions for our platform and IT environment . " The role with GetSwift is Gordon 's first with a startup ; Gordon has worked with the likes of IBM and Deloitte across Europe , returning to Australia in 2007 to join Qantas as its Group CIO , working to transform the company 's IT . She most recently worked with CIMIC Limited . The road to working in tech was a long one for Gordon . She started an accounting degree at LaTrobe University , then picked up a software programming elective and fell in love . " I was really good with numbers and I thought I 'd enjoy it ... but I was spending more time on the one elective compared to all my other subjects , and I had this amazing lecturer who said , ' just follow your passion , ' and I thought , what do I have to lose ? " Gordon said . " I ' ve always been a risk taker so I thought to myself , I ' m just going to give it a go because I love it ; if I do n't get a job out of it I can always go back to university . " Gordon 's appetite for risk taking came through her upbringing in Somalia . Civil unrest began to rise when she was a teenager , leading her father to try to get her brothers and sisters out of the country ; Gordon was sent to Kenya to live with relatives she had never met . " I was basically a refugee in Kenya at 18 ... I realised then , I needed to get somewhere because I had no home to go back to . I then met an Australian backpacker who sponsored me to come to Australia and that 's what drove me to go to university ; I wanted to be able to look after yourself , " she said . With that experience in mind , taking a chance on a new degree was a breeze . Gordon said , " It would never be as bad as being homeless in Kenya , so I was able to put it into perspective . " In joining GetSwift , the smallest company she has worked for , Gordon has put its size into perspective by looking at its potential . " Startups are where the excitement is , where the high - impact global businesses of the future are born . GetSwift is a huge disruptor in the last - mile delivery space ; my prediction is that they 'll be the Facebook of that space , " she said . " Looking at their track record , they ' ve been around just 20 months , and in that time they ' ve become a global organisation , working in over 50 counties around the world , and their solution solves a genuine business problem . " The business is working with businesses in over 300 cities around the world , among them grocery delivery startup Instacart in the US , and Australian fast food company QSRH , which owns chains including Red Rooster and Oporto .
Networking is an essential aspect of growing a startup . For startups that barely have any online presence , the key to getting an audience 's attention is to leverage the reach of influencers . These are bloggers , social media celebrities , actors , or anyone else who can sway the purchase decisions of potential customers . There are many creative ways to reach out to online influencers - from granting them early access to your product or tagging them frequently in your social media updates . To help you succeed , here are seven influencer marketing tools you can use : Traackr is a comprehensive platform that can help identify as well as engage potential influencers . With this platform , you can also manage your relationships with influencers so you can scale and grow your brand with them . You 'll also receive training , support , and assistance when setting up your influencer marketing campaign . The service guarantees results , but it 's not exactly the cheapest . BuzzStream is another full - service platform similar to Traackr - only cheaper . It 's better - suited for smaller businesses on a tighter budget and want to be more involved with the relationship - building process . It allows you to segment your list , create outreach emails with templates , and manage your relationships . If you prefer to run an influencer marketing campaign on your own , the next thing you need is a tool that scans the web for prospective influencers . You can start big with a bio search tool like Followerwonk . Just type in a key word or phrase that describes your niche to look for popular accounts on Twitter . It is hosted freely by Moz , but it also has a paid version where you can receive in - depth analytics , actionable data visualizations , and so on . An alternative way to look for influencers is to use BuzzSumo to look for popular content and look at the author 's name . If it 's a blog , click on the link and see if their name appears on the post itself . Although tools like BuzzSumo and Followerwonk can help you find potential influencers , take note that you still need a platform that will help you engage and work with them . Some influencers can tell if an outreach email uses a template or not . Although templates are still important if you 're going to blast hundreds of outreach emails , you can maximize your success by sending unique and personalized messages to high - profile influencers . You can lessen the load by utilizing writing service like King Essays - whether you need studies to impress serious influencers or straightforward marketing proposals . The subject line alone can make the difference between a successful influencer relationship and just another email in the spam folder . As a rule of thumb , you should avoid generic subject lines and go for something captivating , unique , and on - point . Just make sure to run your subject line ideas on CoSchedule 's Headline Analyzer to check your headline 's score . The tool will also provide you with recommendations on how you can improve your subject lines and generate more clicks . Do n't get discouraged easily if no one replies to your initial wave of outreach emails . Sometimes , they just need a simple reminder to make sure they haven't forgotten about your proposition or overlooked your email by accident . For this , you can use the unique utility tool known as FollowUpThen , which works by letting you create automated follow - ups to yourself , the influencer , or you both . Read more about influencer marketing here on Tech . Co
Nvidia , the graphics processing unit specialist , is looking to attract startups working with machine learning technology to opt for their hardware over cloud providers like Microsoft and AWS , in a land grab for the lucrative niche of AI startups . Startups building products on top of cutting edge artificial intelligence ( AI ) technology require a huge amount of computing power in order to process large amounts of data , which is expensive . Cloud giants like Microsoft , Google and Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) have traditionally given away thousands of dollars in credits for startups to court them onto their platforms . This can pay huge dividends if you manage to get a Snapchat or Airbnb onto your services early on , as shown by Snap 's $ 1 billion commitment to AWS over the next five years . For AI - focused companies these credits could be put towards running graphics processing units ( GPUs ) - which are better than traditional CPUs at processing large amounts of data - on their virtual machines in the cloud at a discount . This is extremely useful for the kind of compute - intensive modelling that is required in the background for companies using machine and deep learning techniques . Now , the GPU manufacturer Nvidia is going head to head with the cloud giants with its Inception Program , in a drive to court the best AI startups directly onto their hardware . Jack Watts , startup business manager at Nvidia explained to Techworld that the aim of the programme , which was launched last summer , is " nurturing those startups and helping them get access to hardware and marketing lift with us , but really the whole thing is about driving this community of startups which are doing weird and wonderful things with AI and Nvidia GPUs . " Members can apply for GPU hardware grants and will be invited to try the latest software and hardware , such as the Nvidia Deep Learning SDK , Digits deep learning GPU training System and the GPU Inference Engine . Nvidia also provides startups with access to expertise , so they can speak to solution architects to ask questions about which hardware would be best for a specific project ( the answer probably being Nvidia ) , or for advice on certain frameworks or cloud providers . Members also get access to the Nvidia Deep Learning Institute ( DLI ) , with credits going towards training courses . SP Startups will get the chance to catch the eye of Nvidia 's ventures programme , called GPU Ventures , which got good returns on an investment in mobile game developer NaturalMotion , a company that was acquired by Zynga for $ 527 million in 2014 . The part that will really grab startup founder 's attention though is the discounted hardware . The Nvidia DGX-1 supercomputer , for example , can provide 2 - 3 times performance improvements over other GPU options in the market and is available to Inception members at rates comparable to that given to academic institutions . The problem is that a DGX-1 retails for PS178,000 , so balancing that sort of capital expenditure ( capex ) against the operational expenditure ( opex ) of spinning up virtual machines in the cloud is a tricky proposition for startups . This is exactly the issue that UK AI startup Onfido has been grappling with since joining the 80 or so UK startups on the Inception programme . Speaking to Techworld , Rahul Amin , CTO and cofounder of the identify verification startup said that it is " hard " to decide when to buy hardware against spinning up instances in the cloud , and that they currently do a combination of the two . " We probably haven't found the right balance yet , " he said . SP Onfido uses machine learning to verify government issued documents for employers and sharing economy platforms that are increasingly keen to verify users and cut down on fraud . Which means Amin understands the importance of GPUs to his core business as well as anyone . " GPUs have been a fundamental part of this process for doing machine learning " , he said . " We started off with a singular machine with a gaming graphics card , as a startup it was all about being efficient . We started to train models for extracting text from a document and as the company grew we have introduced various servers and each development machine has GPUs in them . " Cost is the main issue for a startup though , even one as well funded ( PS25 million to date ) as Onfido . " It has always been a concern how much we spend on GPUs , " Amin said . " If you spin up a machine in the cloud it is going to cost you if you run it for a long time , so balancing what is the best way to train models has been an interesting decision and a conversation we continually have in terms of optimising our hardware and providing engineers with the right level of hardware . "
Are you a startup founder looking for that big break ? South African startups have an exciting opportunity to be exposed on national radio and to be coached by well - known talkshow host and entrepreneur , Pavlo Phitidis . SA radio stations 702 and Cape Talk have partnered with Nedbank for the sixth Business Accelerator programme . Ventureburn has also teamed up with the accelerator to promote the event and foster relationships in the startup ecosystem . The aim of the Business Accelerator programme is to talk about businesses on air and make listeners aware of them , as well as help accelerate their growth in 2017 . The programme is looking for companies that make a difference to consumers , operate in SA , and have an annual turnover of less than R150-million . Phitidis has over 20 years of experience in building businesses in SA and works with business owners through Aurik Business Accelerator , which has to date seen business assets in excess of R1-billion being brought to market . " As a business owner , to have the benefit of being featured across over one million talk radio listeners is huge . You can get your business out there , reach customers en masse and gain a boost in 2017 that would otherwise cost you a significant investment . Any private business with an annual turnover ( of ) less than R150 million qualifies and should apply , " says Phitidis . 702 and Cape Talk 's listeners include CEOs , CFOs , CMOs , CPOs , government departments and municipalities , as well as influential consumers . Previous companies featured on the show include the likes of Sea Monster Entertainment , TaxTim , and Takealot Online . To apply for the programme , companies are required to be part of a CC or Pty , have been trading for more than three years , and changing the lives of consumers . Those wanting to apply can do so here . Remember to select Ventureburn when asked where you heard about the Business Accelerator programme .
Creating a startup is one of the hardest things that anyone can undertake and finding support used to be a daunting task . However , that has changed over the past few years with more and more resources cropping up for entrepreneurs . During the recent Techstars-4-A - Day event , which was held at the Rise hub in Cape Town , four panellists spoke about the local ecosystem and how entrepreneurs can leverage information from it . The ecosystem manager for Barclays Rise in Africa , Camilla Swart , opened with a few words about the organisation as well as what it looks to achieve . " Part of my role here is to get more people involved in fintech . " This role consists of getting entrepreneurs to meet investors , and more . The organisation wants to put a spotlight on Blockchain , AI and Big Data , while Swart mentioned that " financial inclusion is an important thing to focus on " . Michelle Matthews , head of innovation and enterprise development at CiTi , said that while Telkom 's head office is based in Pretoria , its data unit is based in Woodstock , Cape Town . This has allowed for a number for working spaces to pop up with increased bandwidth for entrepreneurs . The panel was quite vocal about local startup events and how they benefit those who attend them . " Events are an important part of an ecosystem because that 's where you do most of your networking , " said Swart . " In these networking opportunities , what you give is what you get . " The co - founder of Brightcap , Jacomien Van der Merwe , also mentioned how startup events have helped her in the past , such as the Financial Hackathon held at Rise , Women in Business , which took place at the Bandwidth Barn , as well as the SAP pitching competition . " Every single one of the events I ' ve attended has led me down a journey , " said the founder of Fomo Travel , Andrew Katzwinkel . An example of this was a ' speed dating ' session he attended for entrepreneurs and investors ; it helped him launch Fomo . The panelists went on to talk about other ways of finding useful information for entrepreneurs , one of which was books . Katzwinkel mentioned that fan favourite The Lean Startup was incredibly helpful in the early stages of founding Fomo Travel . Van der Merwe added that reading books by Elon Musk has been a help and said that : " If you 're fund raising , read a good book , and get knowledge about fund raising . " Another example was the use of social media . Swart said that Twitter helped her learn about fintech when she first started her job at Rise . Matthews added that you should only look at people on Twitter who apply to you . Feature image : David Stanley via Flickr .
While tech hubs like San Francisco and New York boast some of the most innovative minds in the world , counting out other tech ecosystems is doing a disservice to yourself and the entrepreneurial community . Cities and countries around the world are innovating everything from fintech to artificial intelligence in pursuit of a more technologically inclined world . And on Cinco de Mayo , the Mexican startup ecosystem is turning more than a few heads . With a number of factors working in your favor , including demographics , market potential , strong , mission - driven entrepreneurs , regulatory support , and its proximity to the United States , the southern third of North America is making its case in more ways than one . " The Mexico entrepreneurial and venture ecosystem is rapidly on the rise and more sophisticated than the country 's ' emerging market ' status suggests , " said Anna Diaz , product and community manager at Draper Venture Network in a Medium post . A startup ecosystem needs support from big players and influential investors in order to succeed . And if you 're wondering who is behind Mexico 's rise , take a look at some of the influencers fueling the Mexican startup ecosystem below : As a mentor at Techstars , Lucia has made the Mexican startup ecosystem better through meaningful communication with potential entrepreneurs and startup founders . As the International Marketing Manager at Techstars , she has worked hard to identify opportunities that may lead to the development of new products and resources in the region . Fernando believes that Mexico is currently ripe for an entrepreneurial boom , with a large youth population and an increasingly education - focused government , this huge domestic market of 115 million inhabitants could really explode . And with his expertise in innovative business practices , his venture firm could make all the difference in the world . Ariel is an entrepreneur , mentor , and angel investor in everything from web analytics to human augmentation . He believes that the new digitally active population is going to be the biggest drive force in Mexico , and he aims to address their needs with a more online methodology . This small business owner is using his company to support other startups , by providing software that can ensure that their users stay engaged without an internet connection . His belief in the resourcefulness of his fellow countrymen is what fueled his company to make payments , messaging , location - sharing , and ride - hailing apps useful even when people do n't have access to data . Being the CEO of an angel investor network gives you a lot of power in a startup ecosystem . This seed stage investment fund is focused on information technology , mobile , healthcare , green tech and social impact startups . He recognizes that investing in startups has become the new hot trend and hopes that Mexico will see an explosion of venture capital , as well as innovation , in the coming years . Read more about the Mexican startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co H / T GeekTime
With the passing of Fidel Castro , and his brother Raul poised to retire soon , it is entirely possible that Cuba will shift into a vibrant , Internet - enabled economic engine . These events will bring the island nation into focus as free markets and technology emerge as potential replacements for an ideology that has for too long failed to address poor economic performance . Cuba 's economic challenges are many , but it is unique in the world for needing growth much more than it needs development . Economists separate growth from development because development is mostly a social metric comprised of things like literacy , infant mortality and education . While Cuba 's economic growth metrics , like GDP , are some of the worst in the world - its ' development stats actually meet , and in some cases exceed , the stats of many highly developed countries . For example , it 's an often - cited fact that Cuba has the highest educated workforce in Latin America , churning out thousands of computer engineers and doctors annually . Despite the education , the reality is that many university - educated Cubans remain trapped in low - skill jobs unrelated to their field of study , collecting a state salary of about $ 20 a month . One of the biggest challenges to economic growth has been the lack of Internet connectivity . In fact , Cuba currently has the lowest level of Internet connectivity of any country in the Western Hemisphere . However , if Raul Castro 's planned successor , Miguel Diaz - Canel , has his way , Cuba 's technical infrastructure could soon be poised for a massive overhaul . Diaz - Canal has served as First Vice President of the Council of State of Cuba since 2013 . He has consistently been a vocal advocate for updating Cuba 's state - run media and expanding Internet access . " Prohibiting [ the Internet ] would be an almost impossible delusion that does n't make sense , " says Diaz - Canal . While President Obama 's decision to loosen restrictions on travel , banking , and trade with Cuba has already started to create opportunities for educated Cubans , a massive expansion of Internet capacity would open the door for potentially explosive growth . Web technology and innovation is already starting to impact Cuba 's most vital industry -- travel and tourism -- and will no doubt impact nearly every other sector of the economy in the future . Obed Hernandez , Unsplash For instance , Airbnb , the home rental platform , was one of the first US tech companies to operate in Cuba . Since integrating with Cuba 's casas particulares ( private room rentals ) program last year , Airbnb has paired more than 13,000 guests from all 50 US states with rentals in Cuba . As of this year , more than 4,000 casas particulares owners have added their homes to Airbnb 's network . " Cuba is the fastest - growing country on Airbnb ever in the history of [ the ] platform , " said Brian Chesky , founder and CEO of Airbnb A shortage of hotel room availability is no doubt part of the equation of the company 's success , yet Airbnb 's presence and impact in Cuba points to a bigger dynamic at work . In a traditional sense , Airbnb 's economic impact is relatively simple to measure . What 's different about Airbnb in Cuba is the social impact . Every peso collected by a Cuban through Airbnb is also a deposit in the bank of that person 's emotional stability - a link to a brighter future . What is such a simple concept - renting a room - contains transformative potential by exposing the homeowner to a rare phenomenon in low - income countries : the prompt seizure of economic opportunity . Inevitably , competition will drive homeowners to invest in their houses using local skilled laborers ; and employment will grow in diverse sectors as homeowners spend profits locally . The economic impact for average Cubans who put their homes up for rent on Airbnb is profound and speaks to the huge impact that the Internet can have in a developing country like Cuba . And for tourists in search of an authentic Cuban experience , the appeal of staying in someone 's private home is exactly the kind of genuine , cultural immersion they are likely to crave . Everybody wins in this situation . After all the years of being a " forbidden " destination , Cuba now enjoys a magical , sought - after quality -- a sense of " reverse nostalgia . " Travelers are eager to visit before the forces of global commerce inevitably alter Cuba 's authentic essence . The urgency among travelers to experience Cuba in its unaltered state is likely to underpin the country 's economic growth for years to come . Airbnb is just the start of a bigger trend that will only magnify as Cuba continues to open its economy and finds ways to integrate across borders . There are many examples of Cubans innovating around local problems where web technology and innovation can play a role in producing much better outcomes . For example , Revolico is Cuba 's version of Craig 's list ; and Ala Mesa is a type of Yelp for Cuban 's searching for restaurants . Even local artisans , like Rosana Vargas , who owns the ROX jewelry company , are discovering web marketing for the first time . With the all ingredients necessary to create a robust tech community , does Cuba have what it takes to become a hyper - growth hub of innovation ? Viewed through the lens of vanity metrics like the aggregate number of funded startups and billion dollar exits , Cuba is not likely to measure up . Yet on a deeper level , technology and innovation will have a profound economic and social impact in a country undergoing a wrenching economic transition . The Cuban government is rolling out Internet access slowly but in a process that will be , " without pause , " according Raul Castro . Over the coming years , the confluence of a combustible mixture of technical talent , human ingenuity and web technology - along with a slew of real - world problems that need solving -- will likely make Cuba the most interesting place in the world for innovation to flourish . It 's not radical or political , yet the impact of tech innovation is likely to be revolutionary nonetheless . Photo by Obed Hernandez , UnSplash , Royalty - Free
Paris 's development and innovation agency PARIS S&C and the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology ( MEST ) have signed a memorandum of understanding in which France has pledged to recognise Ghana 's potential in new technologies and support its startup ecosystem . The memorandum , which was signed last week , aims to boost the circulation of information between the startup ecosystem of SP Paris and Accra . The agreement was signed in the presence of the Ambassador of France to Ghana , Francois Pujolas , read a press release to Ventureburn on behalf of the French embassy . The MEST , incubator and entrepreneurial school tech , is part of the MeltWater group . It is the flagship of the Ghanaian tech ecosystem . " This agreement , which is the first in our bilateral relations , shows the increasing role of France in the digitisation of Africa . In the case of Ghana , young entrepreneurs have been and will be invited to France in order to support innovation , " said Pujolas . The signing of the agreement comes as France hosts Station F , the largest incubator in the world , with French digital operators already present in Africa within the French Tech hubs of Abidjan , in the Ivory Coast and Cape Town , South Africa . PARIS&Co prospects and provides support for foreign direct investments and promotes the international attractiveness of Paris abroad . In addition the agency fosters the Parisian innovation ecosystem by incubating startups and organising events between startups and global players . As part of the " France and Ghana 1957 - 2017 : moving forward together " initiative , which runs from 1 to 9 June , the French embassy and its network of partner institutions are planning to organise several digital events in Ghana dubbed The French Digital June . The events include a French language hackathon and a two - day forum on " Ghanaian Tech " and the " French digital " , which will close with an exhibition at Alliance Francaise Accra .
Do n't tell your favorite grade school teacher , but bots are infinitely more patient instructors that are willing to offer assistance and information for as long and as often as they 're needed . That 's one reason big - time education advocates such as Bill Gates are so excited by the possibilities of AI , but it has major implications in the workplace , too . Talla , a Boston - area startup , has created a bot that can do many of the routine tasks normally performed by an HR department , such as distributing surveys , gathering data , and even training employees . Sound far - fetched ? Such bots are actually more common than many people might realize : 80 percent of companies currently rely on bot - enabled communication tools like Slack and HipChat . Sure , bots can assume busywork and enable better interoffice communication , but a bot 's true power lies in its educational capabilities . For many , this vision of the future might seem like a nightmare in which reliable humans are replaced by annoying chatbots that cause more problems than they solve . However , this pessimism is caught up in antiquated notions of what a bot can be , which are not helped by the chatbots encountered in apps such as Facebook Messenger . In reality , a well - designed , well - implemented bot wo n't replace employees , but it can empower them . Last spring , Georgia Tech hired a teaching assistant named Jill Watson . Jill helped the professor by answering any questions students had outside of class , and the students loved her , even if she was only available online . There was a reason for that : Jill was actually an advanced chatbot . When students found out at the end of the semester , they were blown away . While an ordinary chatbot wo n't necessarily pass the Turing test , this example shows just how far chatbots have come and how useful they can be as teachers . Here are three ways messaging bots can improve employee training and development . Good teachers do more than answer questions . They also know how to ask students the right questions , framing those questions in ways designed to pique curiosity about a subject and rewarding students when they excel . A good bot can do the same . When employees enter online training sessions , use bots to pose intriguing questions and place conversations in a context that provokes real enthusiasm . At my company , for example , we use bots to tell riddles to our developers to present a stimulating challenge . After lessons are completed , use bots to reward trainees with fun digital images that serve as virtual badges and hearty congratulations , much like the gold star stickers teachers place on students ' tests . To motivate employees to keep learning , use a bot to create a leaderboard , keep a personal tally for each student , and chart everyone 's progress . Although the gamification of training might sound silly , it gives employees tangible reinforcement : acknowledgement of a job well done . Recognition has been shown to be an excellent way to drive individual performance , which is why so many personal endeavors -- from physical fitness to email management -- have already been gamified . Continued education is vital for any skilled position , and bots are well - equipped to help employees stay up - to - date on the latest technologies and methodologies in their fields . Design your bots to help employees assess their own weak spots . Approach this from a no - pressure standpoint . It should n't be about employees getting certain scores . Instead , design your bots so that when employees are asked a question , they can tell you whether they understand the concept . This way , they 're aware of what they need to work on and you know what concepts you need to reinforce as a company . If employees do n't know where to start when prompted with a question , program the bot to immediately respond with additional resources . A digital network called OUR Walmart , which is composed of more than 100,000 employees , uses IBM 's Watson AI abilities to match employees ' questions with existing training materials . Then , have your bot ask the same question a week later to track progress . Employees wo n't realistically remember every single thing they learned during their initial training ; it 's how we work as humans . We learn something the first time ; then , without repetition , we slowly begin to lose that knowledge . However , if we 're reminded within a particular cycle -- and then reminded again within a longer cycle -- we 're much more likely to retain it in the long term . Why not use a bot to manage and automate this process ? Design your bots to deploy refresher courses periodically during the initial training period and beyond . Computer learning can be up to 50 percent more effective than in - person training because bots allow employees to revisit lessons as many times as they need to -- at their convenience and on their own terms . For example , let 's say you want to focus on functional programming practices and JavaScript for 12 weeks . Program your bot to engage those teammates over that time period , working around their schedules and allowing them to repeat tutorials as needed . Properly designed and implemented chatbots can empower employees to become more self - sufficient and skilled at what they do . It 's a win - win scenario for employees and management . Chatbots are n't here to frustrate and annoy ; they 're here to help -- you just have to be willing to let them . Kuty Shalev is the founder of Clevertech , a New York City - based firm that designs , develops , and deploys strategic software for businesses .
For a developer , nothing saps away more time or patience than quality assurance ( QA ) testing . For the unacquainted , imagine if you could n't send an email without ensuring you had used the perfect spelling , line spacing , font size , grammar , and sentence structure . Emails would bounce if they were deemed ' incorrect ' , meaning you 'd have to backtrack and send test emails after each sentence to narrow down the issue . Bugdojo is a startup looking to ease the pain of QA testing for developers , through an online platform that connects the coding work of small to medium teams to QA professionals for quick , high - quality testing . Focusing on ' interface - based ' testing for web platforms and applications , Bugdojo allows developers to integrate their online control repositories such as Github and Bitbucket to the platform , before submitting their code for testing using ' bot commands ' . These online repositories act as a sort of Google Drive and project management tool for code , allowing code of any language to be ' hosted ' online for collaboration or backup . Once connected to their Bugdojo account , developers are able to write up a ' ticket ' containing details about what needs to be tested , before issuing a short ' bot ' or coding command that sends the ticket over to a Bugdojo QA tester . The idea , according to the startup 's founder Ash Conway , is to allow developers a simplistic and quick way to submit their work for QA testing without sacrificing time or resources . After all , these developers are already using repositories , meaning submitting a ticket for a QA test takes nothing short of a line of code . Following the establishment of another startup called Bugwolf , which focused on user acceptance testing , the final audience - based testing stage for software before release , Conway saw that there was another noticeable gap in the testing market . " Over time I had the chance to think about other problems and issues in the space . Quite a lot of the time I 'd have smaller software engineering teams talk about the issues they ere having in QA and how existing solutions did n't really fit in with their workflow , " said Conway . Existing solutions , Conway explained , come in the form of medium - large scale QA firms or an in - house QA engineer . However , for a smaller scale development team , such as those working within startups , hiring a dedicated QA person typically is n't worth the cost , while using a larger firm comes with hefty overhead costs . " You do n't always need QA developers full - time when you 're a dev team of a smaller scale . They also can be hard to find , and outsourcing is expensive if you use traditional methods of submitting content to a larger QA agency , " said Conway . Bugdojo , Conway added , cuts out the " middleman " in these processes and thus saves smaller development teams cash . To help support these tinier budgets , the startup has adopted a no contract , pay - as - you - go model . Submitting work for QA testing currently costs a flat rate of $ 10 , with the first five tests free . Bugdojo also sports a " 100% quality guarantee " , meaning if a developer is n't happy with the result , the business will waive the fee . As to why a developer would use the platform over testing code themselves , Conway discussed the pros and cons of the process , and where Bugdojo fits in . " There are a bunch of other things that an engineer will do around QA from an automated perspective . We 're not here to replace that , but there are tasks that require a fresh set of eyes and require a real person to test them in a real environment , on another device on a browser , " he said . " Because we integrate into the workflow of a small - medium dev team , they do n't need to jump out of what they 're doing . They can actually do it while they code . I [ also ] think developers are n't the best people to test their own work . They 're also the type who generally find it a pain , so we want to take the annoyance out of that . " Staying true to the platform 's focus on allowing developers to " content switch " or submit tests while they code , each completed QA report is returned to the exact ticket the developer issued the test from . Responses are issued with a small description , a ' pass ' or ' fail ' , mark and a video report so a developer can see where any issues occurred , visualised through a screen - capture of the QA tester navigating the material . The testers themselves are industry professionals sourced through Bugdojo , who are vetted through a testing process which pits applicants against a QA testing scenario . To help keep the test fresh , Conway said there 's also a machine learning element to the testing process . Once onboard , QA testers are obliged to sign a non - disclosure agreement to protect clients . They 'll then be allocated jobs as they come in , and are tasked with completing them and returning a report within an hour . Most testers currently work as freelancers , many full or part time developers looking to earn cash on the side , with Conway saying there will be opportunities for bigger income earnings as the marketplace grows . " If they fall below a certain level of quality , they 'll be sent back to taking the vetting step again , " he added . Having bootstrapped both Bugdojo and Bugwolf himself , Conway said he 's keeping an open mind to funding opportunities in the future ; bootstrapping helps him push himself to get customers on board . " There 's a lot of good stuff that comes out of bootstrapping , since you put pressure on yourself to get customers and start making money . It definitely makes things more interesting sometimes , " he said . Getting customers on board will be exactly what Budojo will look to do next , as the startup works on its marketing plan and target research .
Dyzio * a technology platform that promises to streamline influencer marketing on a global scale , has launched in beta with the backing of UK digital entrepreneurs . Dyzio is the first of its kind in the marketing tech arena and a solution to the complex world of influencer marketing campaign management . It will enable collaboration between brands , agencies and influencers , allowing them to create , distribute and amplify campaigns for any channel in one simple , secure platform . Dyzio was co - founded by advertising executive Matt Hebden and platform architect Laurie Bantin in 2016 , after identifying a need to streamline and centralise the influencer marketing process . Its advisory team consists of dyzio investors Ashley MacKenzie , founder and CEO of Base79 , and CEO of Brave Bison Group Plc ; Richard Mansell , founder and COO of Base79 ; and former co - CEO of Perform Group , Oliver Slipper . The beta roll - out follows the closure of an angel funding round last September . Matt Hebden , co - founder and CEO , dyzio said : " Influencer marketing is exciting , but can be chaotic . Agencies and brands have their work cut out , having to forge relationships with a global community of influencers in a world that demands ever more content , faster . It can be a very complex process . The entrepreneurs ' combined expertise means dyzio will provide customers with the tools and know - how to navigate a new branded content landscape . Dyzio will help its customers to create content quickly and at scale ; understand and master an ever - increasing array of channels and regulation ; and achieve a hassle - free branded content workflow . Ion backing dyzio , Slipper explained , " It 's exciting to see dyzio come to life . Every day , I ' m working closely with companies looking to promote their new digital products with influencers . There is a pressing need for a centralised platform to optimise -- and future - proof -- this market , which dyzio is set to achieve . " In addition , the platform will simplify the management of campaign minutiae such as sharing , reviewing and approving creative briefs , proposals , budgets , contracts and creative deliverables ( like videos and images ) . It will also provide live analytics , reporting and payment solutions as the platform evolves . Hebden continued , " We saw an opportunity to streamline and facilitate influencer marketing . dyzio 's intelligent workflow guides our customers through the process , while providing the tech support and insight to achieve innovative content and campaigns . " MacKenzie said : " As influencer marketing scales and becomes more fragmented , dyzio will be the necessary connective tissue . Agencies , brands , influencers , multi - channel networks and production companies all stand to benefit from this new platform , which will enable them to collaborate to deliver valuable and meaningful campaigns . " Dyzio actually spells its name with a lower case ' D ' . This is the most annoying branding trend to happen , ever . We have -- grudgingly -- honored it where the name does not come at the start of a sentence . SP The next startup with a cool announcement but grammatically banal name branding will have its founders ' names published in WingDings . You ' ve been warned . Again . SP
University of California , Berkeley , ranked No . 1 in a list of the top universities that send graduates on to careers in Silicon Valley . Keegan Houser and Facebook / UCBerkeley An elite university located on the outskirts of Silicon Valley has proven itself as a pipeline for tech talent . Silicon Valley hires more alumni from University of California , Berkeley , than any other school , according to a new analysis from online recruiting company HiringSolved . Berkeley beat out Stanford University ( No . 2 ) , Carnegie Mellon ( No . 3 ) , and the University of Texas at Austin ( No . 5 ) in becoming the university that sends the most graduates on to careers at Silicon Valley 's top 25 tech companies by revenue . Of the top 10 universities , none were Ivy League schools . The survey , which was reported on by The San Francisco Business Times , used data from more than 10,000 public profiles for tech workers hired or promoted to new positions in 2016 and the first two months of 2017 . Shon Burton , CEO of HiringSolved , said in a statement that tech industry recruiters are looking for a " strong fundamental understanding of the basics of technology , " above Ivy League credentials , in their new hires . " Often what separates say , a good engineer from a great one , is a knack for understanding the baseline ' how 's ' and ' why 's ' of how things work - the physics of the technology , " Burton said . Berkeley sits about an hour 's drive north of the area where major tech companies like Google , Apple , Facebook , and Tesla have headquarters . The university 's proximity to Silicon Valley has long attracted aspiring tech workers who hope to intern there or find capital to launch startups . Its career fairs are well attended by top recruiters . An aerial photo shows the University of California , Berkeley , campus . Eric Risberg / AP Starting this fall , young entrepreneurs will have an extra reason to attend Berkeley . A new program at Berkeley wants to launch future tech leaders by teaching the variety of skills required of them in the real world . The Management , Entrepreneurship , & Technology ( MET ) Program will provide students with dual degrees in business and engineering in four years , in the hopes of giving graduates a command of leadership and technology skills and putting them on an accelerated path to CEO . The program has already caught the attention of a top investment firm . Kleiner Perkins announced it will give an interview to every incoming MET student for its fellowship , which lets students join its portfolio companies in design and engineering roles for the summer . " It looks like it is going to be the most elite tech leader factory there is , " Michael Grimes , managing director at Morgan Stanley and a founding advisory board member of MET , told Business Insider in April . Over 2,500 high school seniors applied for the 30 spots in MET , making it more selective than Harvard , MIT , and Stanford , with an acceptance rate of less than 2% .
The world of finance and banking can often seem confusing and inaccessible , even to the most clued - up customer . Add to that a vast , bewildering array of new fintech companies and challenger banks and it 's virtually impossible to know whether you 're getting a good deal or not . However , one recently - launched startup called Bud promises to cut through the noise . SP Its app provides one place where you can manage all your finances ( be it a current account , credit card or savings account ) , which it calls its ' universal banking platform ' . SP Bud also plans to launch a ' marketplace ' where you can compare different available products before choosing one , a feature it expects to launch in the coming weeks , cofounder and CEO Edward Maslaveckas tells Techworld . This will include ' intelligent assistant ' technology which will tailor recommendations based on your answers to questions . " The closest current competitor would probably be Moneysupermarket . But this will have a couple of hundred fintech companies when it 's built . It 's huge . Also the system will understand your banking and finance data , helping to take out guesswork and point you in exactly the right direction , " he says . Bud launched in September 2015 and released its app in July 2016 . The company has been self - funded to this point but plans to raise its first round of capital in February 2017 . The eight - strong team , led by two cofounders , has recently been joined by fintech veteran David Brear as non - executive director and is set to expand further next year . SP It 's still early days for Bud , with 2,000 users testing its app in beta . " We ' ve not really pushed it massively yet . At the moment it 's mainly just making the platform work for people . We ' ve had lots of great , useful feedback , " Maslaveckas says . Bud is part of the Financial Conduct Authority 's regulatory sandbox ( which lets companies test innovative new financial products in a live environment ) , the innovative aspect here being algorithmic matching to match people and financial products . " You do n't get that level of personalisation with a comparison site or a human . It 's very difficult to understand all the products out there . That 's a task technology is better at , and it means you can be served in a more intelligent , personalised way , " Maslaveckas explains . The app itself is currently available online on desktop and on iOS devices . It has a simple , intuitive interface and the process of integrating bank accounts is painless . SP It uses two - factor authentication and can currently connect with American Express , Barclays , First Direct , HSBC , Lloyds Bank , Natwest or RBS accounts ( with more to join over the next two years ) . There will also be fintech companies like Nutmeg , Azimo , PensionBee and bigger players like Western Union available eventually . The section of the app that is available at the moment - the ' universal banking platform ' - is still quite basic . Testing an account on it , the ' insights ' section categorises spending overwhelmingly as ' general ' ( then ' food and drink ' , ' transport ' , and ' personal finance ' ) , which does n't actually provide much of what you could dub insight . However , as Bud have been keen to emphasise , it 's still early on in the app 's development and only a small proportion of the eventual functionality is available . Beyond the new ' marketplace ' feature , Bud plans to deploy new functionality such as ways to allocate whether spending is a business or personal expense , plus functions for joint accounts . " We will add in lots of little tools . Each of those are an opportunity to optimise your financial world a little bit . We will be agnostic to platforms and providers , figuring out what people want and do n't want . It 's very individual which is what we want , " Maslaveckas says . However he does admit " the challenges from a tech perspective are quite high . Optimising individuals and building assistants is tough " . Maslaveckas tells an anecdote about finding a letter from his mum 's bank manager sent to her to congratulate her when she got married . " We have lost that personal touch with banking . We 're trying to get that back . It 's an app that works with all the providers , but it 's also mine , my tool which advises me , " he says .
You learn a lot of lessons in the entrepreneurial trenches . Whether it 's a stunning success or a miserable failure , these lessons can help you grow your company -- and grow as an individual . Anyone who has ever started a company understands the extreme ups and downs , the trials and tribulations , and the intense pride you feel from your team 's achievements . You also learn many lessons along the way . These lessons learned will help you find something to help you with your own entrepreneurial journey : Without customers , you do n't have a business . If you 're not cultivating customer love , you 're more susceptible to losing to your competition . The benefits of earning your customers ' love extends beyond loyalty . If they love you , they 'll invest time in providing real feedback that will help you create and prioritize your product road map . Strong customer relationships are invaluable to startups that are always trying to make their product better . Do n't forget to show your customers that you love them , too . Acts of love do n't have to be elaborate or expensive -- anything that puts a smile on your customer 's face counts . Building a startup is hard , and there will be difficult days that test both you and your team . The stronger your culture is , the more resilient you will be to these challenges . One of the single most important things for any startup is to be purposeful in building culture . Ultimately , there are numerous factors that will determine a company 's success , but of those that you as a founder control , establishing and maintaining the right culture may very well be the most important . At some level , the need for individualism is inherent for startups . If what you 're trying to build was obvious , someone would have done it already , which is why founders face headwinds early on . Regardless of what anyone else thinks , you have to know you 're building something that will help companies . Do n't pay attention to the naysayers . In other words , stay focused on what makes your company unique while balancing pragmatism with bullheadedness . It 's important to remain conscious of the fact that little daily improvements can account for quite a difference in the long run . The ability to learn from your mistakes is necessary for life , but is do - or - die for startups . Use what you learn to figure out how you can take small steps toward improvement each day . Everything you 're doing is setting a precedent for the future . Identify what 's most important , and take the time to get it right when you 're a small , more agile company so that it does n't come back to haunt you when you ' ve grown . Try to anticipate how something will affect your team in the future to determine if it 's the right thing to " sweat " over . No matter which industry your company is in , applying the lessons above can have a positive impact on you and your organization . Read more about entrepreneurial lessons here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Waitrose and the John Lewis Partnership are looking for retail technology start - ups to join the 2017 intake of their JLABS accelerator programme . Run in association with innovation specialist L Marks , this is the fourth year for the programme , which gives emerging start - ups access to resources , support and equity funding . Five to 10 successful applicants will take part in a 12-week programme , receiving mentorship and free workspace at the John Lewis head office in Victoria and the Waitrose head office in Bracknell . Participants will be able to apply for funding of up to PS100,000 from a dedicated PS200,000 microfund in exchange for a share in their company . This year JLABS is looking for retail tech start - ups focused on the following areas : * Amazing Food Experiences - systems to make food service to customers more convenient , exciting and innovative Amazing Store Experiences - partnerships with start - ups that will make in - store experiences " more inspiring and individual " Effortless Shopping - solutions to improve online and offline shopping experiences for customers Help Me Live a Healthier Life - health and wellbeing solutions that can be used both online and in store to help customers improve their lifestyles Smarter Supply Chain - ideas that disrupt and improve traditional supply chain practices Surprise us - innovative ideas that do n't fit into a classification Paul Coby , chief information officer of John Lewis Partnership , commented : " Waitrose involvement in JLAB means we can now provide start - ups with unprecedented access to two of the UK 's leading retailers and ensure we add value to these fledgling companies , in the same spirit of cooperation the John Lewis Partnership was founded on . " Stuart Marks , chairman of L Marks , said : " At a time when most large companies are seeing disruption all around them , the John Lewis Partnership has willingly opened up its entire business up to assist and develop start - ups . " We are excited to have Waitrose join the programme and bringing with it their unique grocery related categories . We expect this to be our best JLAB yet . " Applications for JLAB close at midnight on 30 April 2017 . Find out more and enter here .
As one of the largest conferences in the country , SXSW is made for networking . Between the high - profile investors , the innovative startup founders , and the bevy of celebrities sauntering through Austin , this 10-day conference has more opportunities to build your network than you can wrap your head around . Fortunately , Tech . Co and the Consumer Technology Association ( CTA ) are teaming up to bring you a networking event to make meeting people easier than ever . That 's right , if you 're looking to rub shoulders with some of the most influential people in tech , CTA Meetup in Austin is the best place to go . Both current and future CTA members encourage you to join us for a chance to network , connect , and refuel before a big Sunday night at SXSW . You 'll be able to learn about how CTA promotes technology innovation in America and helps more than 2,200 member companies gain attention from people who can help build your business . The event will take place at Maggie Mae 's on Sunday , March 12th at 3 pm . Tacos and margaritas will be provided , so bring your appetite for networking and food . If you 're interested in attending make sure to RSVP here before showing up . While CTA Meetup in Austin will be a hotbed for networking opportunities , it 's not your only chance to meet up with CTA . You can find them all over SXSW at the following events : On Tuesday , March 14 from 10am-4pm , CTA is sponsoring the fourth annual Innovation Policy Day , at Old School ( 401 E 6th St. ) . Join them for a full day of policy panels that bring together leaders in the new economy , entrepreneurs and technology advocates . On Monday , March 13th from 12:30pm-1:30pm , Gary Shapiro , president and CEO of CTA will join a number of tech leaders to talk about how tech companies can give back to communities . On Monday , March 13th from 12:30pm-1:30pm , Steve Ewell , executive director of CTA Foundation , will join others to explore the latest advancements in product design and application and their impact for seniors and people with disabilities . On Tuesday , March 14th from 12:30pm-1:30pm , Shawn DuBravac , chief economist at CTA , and other notable minds will address and debate the role of empathy and immersive story - telling ; of mobile and gaming in VR ; the current and coming evolution of smart phones and headsets -- and touch on the role of automotive , 360 degree cameras , and drones in this new reality . On Thursday , March 16th from 3:30pm-4:30pm , Jeff Joseph , senior VP of Communications & Strategic Relationships at CTA will join several veteran policy influencers talk about their game - plan on getting through to Trump and how this game - plan differs from what worked with the Obama White House . In partnership with CTA , Tech . Co is hosting the Startup of the Year competition at Innovate ! and Celebrate in San Francisco this October . If you want to be one of the 100 startups competing for cash prizes , accolades , and bragging rights , make sure to apply today ! Photo : Flickr / John Maffei
Net neutrality has been a hotly debated topic in the tech sector for a few years . While former president Obama did a great job of putting laws in place to protect it , innovators around the world are now worried about the future of net neutrality . Fortunately , startups and entrepreneurs are being proactive about ensuring that small companies can compete on a level playing field without the threat that their services will be discriminated against by big cable and wireless companies . Engine , Y Combinator , and Techstars have organized a collection of 800 startups , innovators , investors , and entrepreneurial support organizations from all 50 states to take a stand against those thinking about dismantling net neutrality and the laws that protect it . The letter , which includes the names of the 800 organizations involved , is addressed to the FCC . " The success of America 's startup ecosystem depends on more than improved broadband speeds . We also depend on an open Internet -- including enforceable net neutrality rules that ensure big cable companies ca n't discriminate against people like us , " wrote the authors of the letter . " We 're deeply concerned with your intention to undo the existing legal framework . " The letter goes on to detail the importance of net neutrality to the entrepreneurial process , particularly the fact that an open internet would open the doors to a wide range of problematic business behaviors . It adamantly advocates for net neutrality , saying that businesses should n't be forced to pay tolls in order to compete , particularly in a capitalist society like this one . " Without net neutrality , the incumbents who provide access to the Internet would be able to pick winners or losers in the market . They could impede traffic from our services in order to favor their own services or established competitors . Or they could impose new tolls on us , inhibiting consumer choice . Those actions directly impede an entrepreneur 's ability to start a business , immediately reach a worldwide customer base , and disrupt an entire industry . " If you 're interested in showing your support for this movement , you can sign the letter here . And if you do n't think net neutrality is going to help your business thrive , think again . Read more about net neutrality here on Tech . Co
The phrase ' it 's about who you know not what you know ' is still alive and kicking for VCs and for most the best way to get VC funding is to get recommended . " I get referrals from people that I trust so in that sense , there is no science to it , it 's more of an art , " says Chen . SP " If you do n't have a lot of brand recognition , it 's hard to get recognition with VCs . The first thing is not to see it as a transaction but to see it as building relationships , " Newman tells Techworld . Understanding not only how VCs work but the relationship you 're entering into is crucial to securing VC funding and making better business decisions . SP " I think a lot of entrepreneurs do n't understand gravity of taking someone else 's money , then they wonder why investors have an opinion about things and get frustrated when you do n't react to their advice , " says Newman . " If you want cheap easy money that is n't going to start a clock ticking down straight away , do n't go to a VC , " adds Newman . Any business pitch , interview or presentation can fall apart of you do n't have a strong understanding of your field . This is the same for VC pitches . " The biggest turn offs are those that you can tell do n't have depth or understanding of the space . Maybe they ' ve read a few articles about the space and got excited about it but at the end of the day , entrepreneurs fail because they lack depth , " says Chen . " If they lack a depth of knowledge of their particular space [ startups ] do n't even know why a VC is not interested in them , " he adds . Unsurprisingly , VCs receive a lot of pitches and will see though any startup founders that lack enthusiasm in both the pitch and the business . SP " I think the better pitches are thoughtful and take an interesting perspective on things . That 's always a good starting point , " says Chen . " Great investors are generally great readers of people . They have excellent bullshit detectors and excellent pattern recognition . You know when there 's not enough data and too much story , " says Newman . " I ' ve sat in meetings before where an entrepreneur is talking and I ' m 20 minutes in and I think , I do n't care if you 're going to be a billion dollar company , I do n't know what you 're saying and I do n't click with you , " he adds . Like going for a new job , startups should make sure their experience is highlighted and they supports your pitch throughout . " One of the first things we do is look at their experience . Are they credible ? Not only should they have a big vision but can they do what the actually say they can do ? " says Chen . Keeping things simple is the best way to put your point across and secure the respect of the VCs you 're pitching to . " If you ca n't express what you believe in one or two lines in a clear way then you probably do n't understand it , you do n't understand the problem , you do n't understand your own product and you do n't know how to get it to market , " says Chen . " Investors know when they 're being told what they want to hear . You have to cut out all of the fluff and just get to the data points that are going to matter . " So do you have real proof that you have a product fit for market ? Tell me why your team is awesome , what you ' ve done together , how much progress you ' ve made and in what period of time and if you have any clue what leverage you 're going to pull at each round of funding , " says Newman . Separating your startup to the countless others being pitched to VCs will highlight your understanding of not only your business model but of others , and will be a great way to prove to the VC why your startup is better . " You get a lot of the same pitches so then you have to ask them how they are different from others . And if they ca n't explain that then that means you do n't have enough depth of knowledge of your competitors , what others are doing in this space , " says Chen . A two or three minute video will be light relief for VCs and break the cycle of long pitches . " Videos are an easy way of communicating what you 're doing to the VCs . If you think about it I might get 25 pitches a day and if I were to be fair I can only spend about 5 minutes on one so that 's over three hours a day on new companies and only just to see if I should spend more time on them . So that one line or two minute video explains what you do , what you problem is and what your solution is , " says Chen .
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360 0(t ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Entrepreneurs have multiple sources of funding when they seek their first outside capital : friends and family , professional angels , venture capital ( VC ) funds and crowdfunding platforms . One type of funding , which is sometimes overlooked and which can be quite powerful , is corporate venture funds . Corporate venture funds come in different shapes and sizes , but typically , they are funds affiliated with large companies that are interested in tapping into innovation taking place within particular industries . Loosely referred to as " strategic " investors , they represent a fast - growing segment of the funding market . According to CB Insights , there are nearly 200 active corporate VC funds . In 2015 , they invested about $ 18 billion across 850 companies in the United States alone . Notable funders include Google / GV , Comcast Ventures , Bloomberg , Intel Capital and Salesforce Ventures . Given the size and scope of these funds ( and despite some industry misconceptions ) , corporate VCs present a strong option for entrepreneurs looking to get the most value from their investors . So , what are several of the unique advantages that they offer ? SP Corporate VC funds can provide access to established customers and accelerate a startup 's ability to find its product / market fit . Most companies creating these funds tend to have large installed customer bases and can identify early adopters for new technology . Gaining this type of entry can be difficult for an unknown startup still trying to build its credibility . The value of nailing down product / market fit can not be understated as it sets the stage for acquiring a company 's first set of paying customers . SP Once market validation is achieved , developing a commercial agreement can generate much - needed revenue in the early days of a startup . This should be set up as a stand - alone agreement -- not tied to the investment agreement -- that provides market value to both sides . By securing paying customers , you can lessen the requirements for outside capital and , at the same time , demonstrate a sustainable business model . SP Since large companies have a history of being in business , they possess institutional knowledge that can help startups think about issues related to their target market . Daily interactions with customers produce insights that may have implications to a startup 's product or marketing strategy . Furthermore , a startup can improve its visibility in a competitive landscape . SP Securing an investment from one strategic investor can encourage others to do the same , because if a strategic partner understands the market and the problem and it 's willing to put money into a company , then there must be value there . Plus , many corporate investors , whether they are investing from the parent company 's balance sheet or a dedicated fund , will invest in multiple rounds . This renewed commitment is a positive market signal and can ease the burden of additional fundraising . SP Unsurprisingly , investors often choose to liquidate their positions in a business , particularly if they acquire new companies with pre - existing commercial relationships . Over time , as a relationship develops , dependencies can occur that spur an acquirer to want to own the assets , for offensive or defensive reasons . Diligence for these types of deals is a bit easier as the acquirer is already familiar with the company 's business and executive team , which makes things move along more quickly . SP While corporate venture funds are not silver bullets for getting customers or formulating an exit from day one , they can provide a lot of shareholder value if leveraged properly . Arie Abecassis is a startup entrepreneur and investor based in New York City . He is a guest instructor at General Assembly and actively serves as an advisor or board member to a variety of tech startups including SeatGeek , Adaptly and Bizne ...
Global angel investor network Keiretsu Forum has announced that Seoul , Korea , will be home to its newest chapter . Namho Chung , Keiretsu Forum Seoul Chapter president , said , " Seoul offers tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs to expand their markets , with channel partners and customers in Korea and the US . " Our new chapter will offer startups across South Korea access to a vibrant local angel community and the opportunity to be part of a well - recognized , international platform for investment . " Chung says says Seoul is the world 's most wired city and it was ranked first in technology readiness by PwC 's Cities of Opportunity report . Seoul is home to over half of all South Koreans and almost 700,000 international residents . Seoul is considered a leading and rising global city , resulting from the economic boom called the Miracle on the Han River that transformed it to the world 's fourth largest metropolitan economy after Tokyo , New York City , and Los Angeles . In 2015 , Seoul was rated Asia 's most liveable city with the second highest quality globally . Randy Williams , Keiretsu Forum founder and CEO , said , " As a global leading technology hub , the Seoul capital area boasts 15 Fortune Global 500 companies such as Samsung , the world 's largest technology company , LG , and Hyundai - Kia . " Seoul is ranked sixth in the Global Power City Index , and Global Financial Centers Index . The city exerts a major influence in global affairs as one of the five leading hosts of global conferences . " We look forward to welcoming both investors and entrepreneurs from the Republic of South Korea to our global network , " he added . Over the past 16 years , Keiretsu Forum members have invested over $ 800 m in 810 companies using its chapter and funding syndication model . Funded in 2000 by Randy Williams , Keiretsu Forum today has 47 chapters in 30 cities and 2600 accredited investor members . Keiretsu Forum members provide early - stage capital in the range of $ 250,000-$2 m to high quality , diverse investment opportunities . The chapters collaborate on Due Diligence but each member makes his / her own investment decisions in the presenting companies . SP
UW researchers have generated Passive Wi - Fi transmissions that use 10,000 times less power than current methods . ( Credit : UW via YouTube ) SP A group of University of Washington engineers has raised capital to develop and commercialize a power - efficient way to generate WiFi transmissions . Jeeva Wireless just reeled in a $ 1.2 million round , co - founder Shyamnath Gollakota confirmed with GeekWire . He declined to provide more details about the cash and how Jeeva will use it , as the Seattle startup is still in stealth mode . The company 's co - founders are the same UW researchers who co - authored a study last year for a Passive Wi - Fi system that can generate WiFi transmissions using 10,000 times less power than conventional methods . Not even low - power options such as Bluetooth Low Energy and Zigbee can match the system 's energy efficiency , based on the study that earned the UW team a place on MIT Technology Review 's top - ten list of breakthrough technologies in 2016 . With the fresh funding , it appears that the company is ready to commercialize its innovation . Other co - founders include Joshua Smith , a UW associate professor of computer science and engineering and of electrical engineering ; Aaron Parks , a graduate researcher at the UW 's Sensor Systems Laboratory ; Bryce Kellogg , a graduate researcher at the UW 's Mobile Systems Lab ; and Vamsi Talla , a research associate at the UW computer science and engineering school . Gollakota , the other co - founder , was named to Forbes ' 30 under 30 list for 2017 . Also listed on the SEC filing for the investment as a director is Easen Ho , an executive at Vantron Technology , a Silicon Valley - based provider of low - power embedded systems . Passive WiFi could open the way for applications that currently require too much power for regular WiFi , according to a UW news release from last year . For example , other types of communication platforms have been required in the past for smart - home sensor systems that can detect which doors are open , or whether the kids have come home from school . " Even though so many homes already have Wi - Fi , it hasn't been the best choice for that , " Smith said in the release . " Now that we can achieve Wi - Fi for tens of microwatts of power and can do much better than both Bluetooth and ZigBee , you could now imagine using Wi - Fi for everything . " The researchers could rev up Passive Wi - Fi to transmit standard signals at bit rates of up to 11 megabits per second , which is n't as fast as the maximum rate for standard Wi - Fi but is 11 times faster than Bluetooth 1.0 . The secret to revving up the rate while cranking down the power has to do with digital vs. analog . The system developed by Smith and his colleagues uses a single plugged - in device for power - intensive analog functions , such as producing a radio signal at a specific frequency . A separate array of sensors produces the Wi - Fi packets of information by reflecting and absorbing the signal , using digital switches that require virtually no energy . Prototype sensors could connect with a smartphone , tablet , or other device at distances of up to 100 feet . " With Passive Wi - Fi , we can envision a true ' Internet of Things ' in which household devices and wearable sensors will be able to communicate using Wi - Fi without worrying about power , " the researchers note in the description from the video below . SP
Lighthouse.io , a startup that uses intelligent inputs from Internet of Things ( IoT ) sensors and third party integrations to disrupt unsexy labor based industries like cleaning , security and maintenance , has closed $ 1.25 m in seed funding . Hailing from Australia , Lighthouse.io 's funding was led by Tamarisc , an early stage venture capital firm that invests in real estate technology companies . Companies using Lighthouse.io equip their workers with a mobile app that leverages tech like Bluetooth beacons to deliver contextual information based on their exact position . This includes task lists , instructions , safety content and alerts for service workers at facilities like shopping malls , airports , hospitals and stadiums . The platform provides executives with real - time and historical data about their workforce that enables better decision making around labor management . The end result is more efficient service delivery , improved worker safety and reduced operational costs . Patrick Carne , Lighthouse.io CEO , said , " We see a huge opportunity to disrupt labor based industries that are using extremely inefficient , manual and paper based processes . " From a usability perspective , existing enterprise software platforms have set the bar low . We intend to not only become the system of record for workers in these industries , but to create experiences that delight workers . " Lighthouse.io differentiates from competition by combining a mobile experience with sensor based inputs to understand a worker 's current context and then deliver a highly relevant workflow that helps them be more effective at their job . David Bates from Tamarisc who is joining the board on behalf of the investors , added , " We ' ve looked at a plethora of location - based technologies that all seemed to be a solution in search of a problem . Lighthouse is different in that it was built from the ground up to address key industry pain points and solve real problems . " This became increasingly apparent the more we spoke with current and potential customers , some from our own portfolio , who raved about how the platform significantly reduces costs and liability while clearly increasing operational efficiencies . We are thrilled to join Lighthouse and look forward to helping it grow and continue delivering value to its customers " Lighthouse.io is already driving operational improvements at shopping malls , airports , train stations and corporate campuses throughout Australia and the United States . The current round of funding will be used to accelerate product development and growth in the US market . It will also facilitate exploration of horizontal markets such as real estate and health care . Joining Tamarisc in the round are Morningside Technology Ventures , a global investor in healthcare , real estate and technology , and Storm Industries Investments . Future features include a flexible If - This - Then - Than ( IFTTT ) rules engine that will be able to detect changes from sensors and other web services and then trigger outputs to relevant workers , integration with existing systems such as time and attendance and work order management , and advanced analytics capability . SP
Goldbely , the specialty food delivery service , has closed $ 10 million in Series A funding . The round was led by Global Founders Capital and Intel Capital ( which also led the company 's seed round ) . As part of the investment , Goldbely is joining the Intel Capital Diversity Fund . Goldbely 's goal is to send you the best food from cities around the U.S , no matter where you are based . So you could be in LA and get a cheesesteak from Jim 's in Philly delivered overnight , or Momofuku Birthday Cake Truffles from New York dropped on your doorstep in Austin . Within the past year alone the company has facilitated more than 200,000 orders -- which equals a 200 percent year - over - year increase in customers . Most of the food on Goldbely comes from restaurants that previously had n't shipped their specialty items . That 's what makes the platform so special -- before Goldbely , you 'd have to literally go to that city to eat the food ( or have a really nice friend send it to you ) . In total , the startup works with 300 food partners around the U.S and delivers to all 50 states . While this sounds like a lot , Goldbely says that only 3 percent of food merchants are approved to join the platform . Of course , the luxury of eating a meal from a restaurant that is thousands of miles a way does n't come cheap . For example , two pizzas from Joe 's Pizza in New York will set you back $ 79 dollars , or about double what Joe 's charges if you were in the store . While this includes shipping , its pricing definitely makes it more of a treat than an everyday meal option . The startup plans on using the new funding to expand its operations and technology teams in San Francisco and New York .
HR Tech , the human resources and recruitment accelerator program run by Slingshot , has revealed its first cohort , with five startups and seven scaleups to take part in the program . The 12 week accelerator , which is being run in conjunction with industry partners Seek and Hudson , has brought on former CEO of global recruitment marketplace Search Party , Ben Hutt as entrepreneur in residence . Looking to help the businesses further develop their offering and connect them to business opportunities , the accelerator will also award participants up to $ 30,000 in funding in exchange for 10 percent equity , with opportunities for follow on investment . Mark Steyn , CEO of Asia Pacific at Hudson , said , " This inaugural cohort addresses many key issues impacting the HR space including employee engagement , the gig economy , talent development , diversity and disruptive technology such as artificial intelligence . We are thrilled to participate in and use Hudson 's global resources and extensive business network to begin bringing these ideas to life . " With this cohort the largest so far for a Slingshot program , more than half the participants include women in their founding team . CEO Karen Lawson said , " Recent reports have shown that women make up the majority of the HR industry but continue to be underrepresented in technology roles that are so closely tied with the startup community . HR Tech is a unique opportunity to foster the experience and ideas of female founders in this space . " The startups taking part are : Cohelix - a New Zealand - founded startup aiming to make employee onboarding easier Gemini 3 - a match - making platform connecting job share partners HI VIS - an online platform connecting the construction & trades industry Opentute - an eLearning portal for on - boarding and course sales Talent Xchange - an online marketplace for organisations to find and create mutually beneficial cross - company secondment opportunities for leaders The scaleups taking part are : Adepto - Platform for companies to manage and engage their own contingent workforce Art of Mentoring - Mentoring programs that deliver business growth , culture & human development Flex Careers - SP an employment platform connecting female workers with businesses iComplii - a compliance solution for highly regulated industries My Interview - a video interview platform allowing for easier recruiting , anywhere PlanDo - Skills development for the new world of work Talent Vine - a platform connecting employers and top - rated recruiters
SP The health food revolution has seen many of us take a keen interest in what we put into our bodies -- we 're more conscious than ever of eating the right things . That does n't mean we 're not all craving a chocolate bar or two though , and there 's a UK startup that 's putting our favourite naughty snack onto the health food shopping list . iQ Chocolate is the company creating healthy chocolate " from bean to bar " . Their produce is free from all 14 allergens - including nuts , gluten , wheat and soya - and is low on the Glyceamic index , meaning it wo n't send your glucose levels soaring . The sweetness of the chocolate comes from organic coconut blossom nectar - which is a superfood itself . It 's naturally high in potassium , magnesium , zinc and iron , giving you a healthy boost in vitamins B1 , B2 , B3 , B6 and C. Chocolate never looked so healthy . SP Image : SP iq chocolate Founders Kate and Jane describe themselves as " the kind of folks who want to live for a very , very long time and enjoy the journey " . It 's this ethos that underpins the ideas at the heart of iQ Chocolate -- who says you ca n't eat your favourite foods and be healthy at the same time ? After all , the cocoa bean at the heart of chocolate is one of the world 's most nutritiously dense foods -- how it ended up at the centre of the health and diabetes crises common in the developing world has to do with the way it 's farmed and processed later down the line . SP Image : SP SP iq chocolate iQ Chocolate set out to cut the journey from bean to bar , retaining the health benefits of the cocoa bean in its natural state while hitting on a recipe that tastes as good as the chocolate on our supermarket shelves . This proved to be something of a challenge -- co - founder Kate told Mashable that the team of two " were wrestling with the art and science of making chocolate from the bean -- in the old traditional ways -- testing the results every step of the way . " SP With the help of the Rowett Institute of Nutrition and Health at Aberdeen University Kate and Jane tried and tested various beans . " Start up gear included a hair dryer , colander , tin dustbin lid and a washing machine , set at 1400 revs " Kate recalls -- although thankfully this method is now a distant memory . Following rigorous testing the company finally became Scotland 's first bean to bar chocolatier . This rigorous testing went on for some time . Manufacturing became an issue once the company hit on a formula they thought would impress the masses -- and boost their health . Unfortunately as is the case with many budding startups , funding and interest barriers got in the way of a smooth journey to success , and Kate and Jane ended up pooling their own funds to begin the manufacturing process themselves , and their early products were n't a treat for all tastebuds . After hearing " well , it 's OK " from those with chocolate know - how a few too many times , the pair headed back to the drawing board and eventually got the seal of approval from top chef Mark Greenaway -- his approval sealed the deal . SP Image : SP iq chocolate When iQ Chocolate eventually hit the shelves , it was Real Foods in Edinburgh and Glasgow 's Whole Foods Market that gave the company its first business . Fast forward to today and the company has two stars in the Great Taste Awards and is delving into the chocolate 's application in the sporting world along with its potential to slow cognitive decline in old age . The chocolate is now stocked in 13 countries across the globe , and Kate and Jane 's plans for world domination are the driving force behind their business 's expansion . SP
Fintech was created to rattle the legacy industry that is banking . From lending and investing to deposits and customer service , fintech companies are built with an agile infrastructure designed to reinvent the financial system . These companies can operate quickly and efficiently , something banks have struggled to do in the digital era . However , big banks are resilient . The big players have survived numerous disruptions , most recently the invention of the internet and the dot - com boom . At the end of 2015 , the US banking system had $ 15.967 trillion in assets . It supports the world 's largest economy with the greatest diversity in banking institutions and concentration of private credit . For comparison , VB Profiles found the fintech industry to be worth just $ 870 billion in current value . As more startups emerge and veteran fintech firms become more sophisticated , the conflict between fintech and traditional banking grows . Banks have a vast rolodex of loyal customers , while fintech offers convenience and efficiency , both of which are required to enjoy success in the finance world . " Instead of continuing to build a divide , fintech and banks must leverage their strengths and work to collaborate , creating an infrastructure that is advantageous for consumers , " said Patrick Koeck , COO of Creamfinance , an online finance company . Brick - and - mortar banks may seem old school , but they are far from obsolete . Banks like JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo are some of the biggest financial institutions in the world and are staples of the economy . Wells Fargo , for example , has nearly 9,000 branches and over 13,000 ATMs across the country . Banks are deeply rooted in our economy ; they hold a monopoly on credit issuance and are a primary repository for deposits . Even more uniquely , banks are trusted by consumers at a level fintech companies are aiming for . Given the propensity of consumers to demand ease of use , convenience , and 24 - 7 access , the growth of the fintech market should come as no surprise . According to McKinsey , nearly $ 23 billion of venture capital and growth equity has been deployed to fintech companies over the past five years , and this number is growing quickly : $ 12.2 billion was deployed in 2014 alone . Fintech companies came to fruition to fill the void and serve the financially disadvantaged . Now , younger , more digitally savvy consumers demand such services that are personalized , emphasize seamless , or on - demand access to an added layer of service separate from the underlying platform . And it does n't stop with person - to - person payments or online banking . Augmented reality , virtual chats , and big data are all going to be crucial when it comes to communicating with customers . The challenge for fintech startups and big bank incumbents is whether to continue to work in silos or consolidate their strengths for near term and long term prosperity . " Fintech companies have garnered a reputation for trying to unbundle the traditional banking infrastructure , but that is not always the case , " says Koeck . " Due to the better and speedier access to data Fintech companies happen to be more nimble . Smart data provides us with up - to - date knowledge about our consumers , and therefore we 're able to react quickly to their expectations . By pairing modern analytics with traditional banking , we have the potential to advance the global economy . " While it is unlikely that fintech companies will capture all financial services , such as person - to - person payments , international transfers , money management , etc . , it is undeniable that they can offer traditional banking an array of valuable partnership opportunities . " The speed of financial technological innovation means that big companies and banks have to collaborate with entrepreneurs and academics to keep up with the pace of change , " said Katherine Manuel , SVP of Innovation at Thomson Reuters . " At the same time , startups and academics need the business input to scale , fund and provide relevance in highly regulated markets . " Read more about fintech growth here on Tech . Co
Limitless today announced a partnership to integrate its character building technology into High Fidelity , the virtual reality " metaverse " created by Second Life founder Philip Rosedale . Those using High Fidelity 's open source software toolset , which lets people create shared VR environments , will now be able to build interactive characters with Limitless ' technology starting on Wednesday . Limitless , a Bellevue - based startup created by former Pixar and Bungie character designer Tom Sanocki , last year launched a platform that lets anyone -- film companies ; advertisers ; educators ; regular consumers ; etc . -- create interactive virtual reality characters . High Fidelity , meanwhile , debuted its beta product one year ago . Rosedale previously built online virtual world Second Life ; his new company is similar , but geared toward virtual reality . It raised an $ 11 million Series A round led by Vulcan Capital in February 2015 and reeled in another $ 22 million this past December . " Our partnership with High Fidelity opens up the creation of VR interactive characters to far more people , " Sanocki said . " Now you do n't need to be an game developer to build an interactive character -- a user can simply create one on High Fidelity by editing a text file , or if you 're more technically inclined , you can extend it using JavaScript . " High Fidelity users will be able to create characters that respond to voice , gestures , and other human social cues , similar to how Limitless ' technology was used in this VR experience . " VR worlds are made more alive and believable by emotional connections to characters within them . " Philip Rosedale said in a statement . " We want to give people the ability to easily create interactive characters , getting as close as possible to the magical experience of having other living people in the space with you . " Sanocki said the partnership will " give us a glimpse into the future of VR . " " High Fidelity 's users are generally pro - sumers with basic technical knowledge , and range from educators to enthusiasts to professional animators , " he said in a statement . " Our integration within High Fidelity further validates that our storyteller - first approach to interactive characters is ready for widespread adoption . " In October , Limitless rolled out its animated character development toolset for developers to leading film and animation studios . The 12-person company has raised investment from music and film producer Jay Rifkin , who worked on " The Lion King " film 's original score ; and Masi Oka , a game startup leader and former Industrial Light & Magic digital effects artist better known as the character Hiro from the NBC series " Heroes . " Limitless was also just accepted into HTC 's Vive X accelerator fund and named former Dreamworks Animation executive Ian Richter to its advisory board . Recent hires include new COO Pamela Choy , who was previously a member of Pixar 's senior management team , and Jon Collins , the new creative director and head of animation who has experience at companies like ToyTalk , Pixar , Blue Sky , ILM , and Blizzard .
Lily , the autonomous camera drone that sold a whopping $ 34 million in preorders , has announced it is shutting down . In an email sent to customers about an hour ago , the startup said that it was unable to raise an additional round of funding which would have allowed it to start production of the drone . So it announced instead that it will be winding down the company , and offering an automatic refund to all preorder customers . From the email : At the same time , we have been racing against a clock of ever - diminishing funds . Over the past few months , we have tried to secure financing in order to unlock our manufacturing line and ship our first units - but have been unable to do this . As a result , we are deeply saddened to say that we are planning to wind down the company and offer refunds to customers . SP Lily 's demise has been a slow one . The startup had delayed shipping multiple times before , first to summer 2016 and then to early 2017 . It did raise a $ 14 M Series A round a year ago from high profile investors like SV Angel , Spark Capital , Steve Aoki and Joe Montana -- that was supposed to help get its drones to production . Lily was one of the first autonomous AI - assisted camera drones ever announced , and was supposed to revolutionize the personal camera drone industry . But in the time it took Lily to ship , others drones like Hover hit the market , and DJI developed autonomous flight modes for the Phantom and Inspire ( and now Mavic ) , arguably the three best drones on the market . While it was n't able to ship in quantity , Lily was able to produce prototypes , and even start a beta program so customers could test its hardware in the wild . Part of this timeline was shared by the company , with the latest schedule showing the drone ready to enter mass production in mid - November 2016 and the first devices being delivered a few weeks ago in mid - December 2016 . But it seems that instead of pushing back the date yet again , the company decided that there was no sustainable path forward without another infusion of capital . About two months ago TechCrunch learned that Snapchat was in early stage talks to potentially acquire the struggling camera company , but that did n't come to fruition . In its email to customers , the startup said it will issue an automatic refund to customers within the next 60 days -- there 's a special form to fill out if the card used to preorder has since expired . This wording makes it seem like customers will receive 100 percent refunds for their preorder commitments , but we ' ve reached out to Lily to confirm this . A high - profile shutdown like this certainly is n't going to make it easier for hardware startups to win over early adopters and backers online . However , it seems that in this case the startup decided to sacrifice investor 's capital in order to issue full refunds -- which will certainly help appease the disappoint of backers .
PC gaming is n't ceding the Electronic Entertainment Expo tradeshow to consoles , and it is even getting some of the biggest names in the industry to fill out its stage presentation . Xbox and the popular Battle Royale - like online shooter PlayerUnknown 's Battlegrounds are joining the PC Gaming Show at E3 . At 10 a.m. Pacific time on Monday , June 12 , PC Gamer ( a magazine and website that covers computer gaming ) will take over The Theater at the Ace hotel in Los Angeles for an event that will feature news from Intel , Arma developer Bohemia Interactive , and more . This shows how Microsoft is attempting to further its presence in the PC - gaming space . The company has backed off a console - first approach , and it now says that it does n't care where you buy its games because it 's more interested in getting you to use Xbox Live . Microsoft is planning to have " leaders " and game developers from its Xbox team on the show 's stage to talk about what the company is doing with PC gaming . The company will also talk about its Beam livestreaming video service . " PC gaming is a huge part of our gaming ecosystem -- across Windows , Beam , and Xbox , " Xbox marketing boss Mike Nichols said . " The PC Gaming Show is the perfect place for us to talk about what 's next from Xbox for PC gamers . " Developer Bluehole will give its more than 2 million PlayerUnknown 's Battlegrounds players news and updates about where that shooter is headed . That game is the latest massive Early Access success on Steam , and fans are eager to hear more about what the studio is planning to do with its recent influx of millions of dollars . Other games and companies that are headed to The PC Gaming Show include tactical mech combat sim Battletech from Paradox Interactive . Developer Creative Assembly will bring its Total War : Warhammer II strategy game on behalf of publisher Sega . And startup indie publisher Raw Fury Games are planning to participate as well .
For the last 25 years , Marty Pichinson and the firm he co - founded , Sherwood Partners , have specialized in selling off the assets of startups when they fail , as well as helping them extend their runway so that if they have to close down , they can do it the right way -- in slow motion , versus at high speed . He 's been given every kind of death - related moniker as a result , from the Terminator to the Undertaker . Pichinson -- a native Illinoisan who is as renowned for his brash style as his salesmanship -- does n't mind any of them , as long as they help keep Sherwood at the top of its game . We chatted with Pichinson on Friday to ask what he 's seeing in the current market . TC : The stock market has been on an upswing . Startups keep getting funded . What 's happening in the world of wind - downs ? MP : We 're seeing two to four companies wind - down a week , which we ' ve never seen before . I think more [ investors ] are taking the Sequoia Capital approach , meaning if something is n't working , they 're moving on . TC : Haven't they always ? MP : It 's happening faster right now . Microsoft and Intel and Facebook and Google and Apple -- they own all the territory and they are n't going away , so it 's more difficult to be the same type of company as another , but with a slightly different twist . For these companies , it 's great if someone else wants to develop a new feature or tool ; they 're just going to fix that in the next version [ of their own offerings ] . TC : Almost every time we ' ve talked over the years , you ' ve said that work is busy . Certainly , it slows down sometimes . MP : Sherwood has mostly been on an upward run since we started [ in 1992 ] , but we did slow down in 2014 , and we could n't figure it out . Well , VCs were running their companies further to the edge to [ improve their internal rates of returns before they hit the fundraising trail ] . Turns out we had our best quarter ever in 2015 [ as soon as they stopped funding those companies ] . TC : What happens if the IPO market opens up , which seems to be happening ? MP : Does n't matter . More IPOs mean more companies in their respective spaces grab their crowns , and the other companies are left in the dust . It is n't any different than when Facebook won . In the meantime , the money keeps flooding in . Venture has become a true asset class . Everyone wants to get into this new world , including PE players , who were consolidating restaurants and dentists ' offices and malls . Well , there are no more malls . What 's new is tech , but not all these companies they 're funding are going to make it . TC : More specifically , are you shutting down more Series B companies ? How much earlier on in the process are investors pulling the plug ? MP : It 's across the spectrum really , B- , C- , D- , E - stage companies . We ' ve shut down three or four unicorns . A lot of startups have taken on more debt than they should have . VC is hopes and prayers . Then you get inventory and receivables and all of a sudden that debt starts to pile on . Then not only do you have to please investors but also lenders , and lenders have very concrete expectations . TC : Are there certain sectors where you 're seeing more startups than others ? MP : It 's everything , from streaming startups to hardware and software to clothing startups . One problem we see are similar concepts and maybe customer satisfaction levels but approaches that are so different that it 's difficult to consolidate these companies and squash them together to create a powerhouse . The price of consolidating the companies is too high . TC : Years ago , you told me that Sherwood had begun selling a lot of intellectual property . At the time you 'd even created a new company called Agency IP in Mountain View around the auction of IP . Is that still what you 're primarily focusing on when you unwind startups ? MP : We sell a lot of patents , maybe more than anyone else . Usually , the only way to pay back [ lenders ' ] loans is to sell the patents . So people are n't paying what the company would have been worth but usually enough to pay back that secured debt . TC : What do you tell the VCs who hire you ? Aside from funding fewer companies , is there anything they could be doing differently -- better ? MP : I ' ve been saying for years that VCs should be calling us in earlier . Some call us in a year before a startup is facing the end of its runway . But if [ played the right way ] , a B player can easily beat an A player . You have to get to the customer first , before the customer knows about the A player . Also , sometimes companies are so locked into a particular idea , and we 're like , " This is n't the idea . This 10 percent of your business over here that 's starting to generate money ? Stop the other stuff and focus on this . " TC : You moved to L.A. recently . Why ? MP : I moved down to L.A. 18 months ago . Silicon Beach is a real thing . We have land for buildings . I wo n't say it 's less expensive , but we have space . There is going to be a shotgun marriage between content and technology . Amazon and Netflix are winning Academy Awards . Everyone is getting into everyone 's space . But no one company can produce everything . TC : What about close - outs and restructurings ? Is n't Silicon Valley still the place to be for those ? MP : We still have a big office in Silicon Valley . In New York , we have four people . And in L.A. , we ' ve gone from two to 10 people . We think we 're well positioned as L.A. becomes more and more popular . It 's easy for a VC to enjoy breakfast , then fly to L.A. , have lunch with a portfolio company , stay at a nice hotel , and have another company lunch the next day and be home [ in the Bay Area ] the next night for dinner . My gut is that it 's very difficult in other parts of the country because the algorithm is just different . There 's a lot happening in robotics and medical in Boston , and there 's a little happening in New York , but VCs are coming to L.A. because it 's a very easy trip .
A few years ago , I launched a daily email newsletter , and I was ecstatic to be striking out on my own for the first time . Alas , just a few weeks after filing to secure a trademark , an officious - sounding note appeared in my inbox , and soon after , I found myself shelling out $ 10,000 in lawyer 's fees over a short - lived trademark dispute . It was n't nearly as painful as it might have been , but it was a rude realization that figuring out the right brand can be both time - consuming and have implications that founders might not foresee . Of course , my experience is hardly rare . Most founders are typically left to either conduct trademark searches on their own via the USPTO site , or else pay top dollar for law firms or branding agencies to do it for them . Often they do both . Thankfully , affordably eliminating risky name choices is exactly the opportunity that a two - year - old Bay Area company , Naming Matters , is chasing , and the company 's founder is very familiar with the market . S.B. Master previously co - founded Master - McNeil , a 29-year - old corporate naming and branding firm in Berkeley , Ca . , whose past clients include Apple , General Motors , Disney and PayPal . Now Master sees an opportunity to cater not just to deep - pocketed corporate customers but also startups on shoestring budgets . Indeed , 18 months ago , she decided to take everything she has learned over the years about linguistic analysis , trademark searching and domain name acquisition and pour it into a self - service software product that also incorporates search and data visualization . I talked with her earlier today to learn more . TC : You ' ve already run a naming company for decades . Why start this new thing ? SM : Naming is hard , and we tend to work with companies that can afford us to do deep preliminary availability screening . I grew frustrated with how slow and antiquated that searching step is [ for companies that ca n't afford such a service ] . I mean , if you have 100 names , how do you figure out which are most likely to get you into trouble , and which are your stronger candidates that you should focus on ? There are legacy providers , but their model is to charge users for every name they look up . If you 're looking for a name in every country and every class , it adds up . You have to be very skilled to [ keep your costs down ] . TC : So the idea is to pay less to your friendly trademark attorney . SM : The idea is that instead of this being some super expensive cottage industry , that anyone , anywhere -- whether founders or innovators in companies or paralegals in law firms or companies under pressure to do more faster and with less -- can use this tool in an unlimited way . TC : How big a problem -- or opportunity -- is this ? SM : About 5 million trademarks are registered worldwide each year , and to get to a name that you 're willing to spend the money [ on ] to file a trademark application , you ' ve probably looked at 50 to 100 names . That means people are looking up something like 500 million names a year . That 's a lot of time and effort , and it still often does n't answer the question of whether it 's worth it . We ' ve been told by big law firms that to look at one name , a paralegal is going to spend three hours , and they cost $ 300 an hour . So , there 's $ 1,000 right there . TC : Why is this the killer solution ? SM : There are so many engineers and creative people who have no knowledge of trademarks or how they should work , and by merely looking at the visualization ( that we produce for users ) , where the bigger the dot is to the name you ' ve chosen , or the more crowded , the more [ risky ] the brand -- it just offers incredible cost and time savings by being able to visualize this data . TC : Are you scanning trademarks globally or just in the U.S. ? And how much are you charging ? SM : We 're still working on pricing , but we offer a day pass for less than $ 50 , which provides users with unlimited use to search U.S. filings . We also have a standard product that offers unlimited use on a monthly basis ; one seat is $ 100 per month . the service can be stopped at any time . And we 're working on a pro product that 's much more feature rich and that will be a bit more expensive and will include multiple data sets , not just U.S [ data ] . TC : Do n't companies need to worry about competition globally from the outset ? SM : Absolutely . Any business that puts itself online is intrinsically international . So even though you may not plan to do business in Germany or the U.K. or Japan , knowing what 's out there and who could come after you -- without hiring an attorney in Tokyo -- [ is key ] . You 'll be able to see if there 's something there that you should be aware of . TC : Is there no global database that exists as of today ? SM : You can find a newish database online that 's sponsored by the EU . But unless you 're a very skilled operator , it 's [ hard to navigate ] . It 's almost like doing a Google search , where you 're getting inundated with large amounts of irrelevant hits , or you have to have a lot of knowledge to know if you should care . Nothing is sorted ; you ca n't see how much of a threat other trademarks are . What we can do with our algorithm is rate and rank and visualize everything , so you can see those that look like the most serious threats . You can also see who else is out there in your space with similar names and get new ideas yourself for names that are different and probably smarter in the context of knowing who else is out there . Using this as a creativity tool was n't something we anticipated , but once people see what 's out there , it prompts more creativity on their part to think up more unique names . TC : Can you talk about who some of your clients are ? SM : We have some law firm users . We have a prominent product innovation company . Fifteen companies from the last YC class signed up , too . [ President ] Sam [ Altman ] loves what we 're doing . TC : Can I ask how you came up with the brand Naming Matters ? I ' ve talked with branding agencies in the past that say most early firms in a space use something that literally describes their business , like Facebook . Brands start getting crazier sounding the more crowded a space grows . SM : It 's a pun . Naming does matter , but also , if you 're a lawyer , you call a legal topic a matter . What do you think ? [ Laughs . ] We 're supposed to be good at this !
Almost one in five startup founders in Cape Town and Johannesburg are immigrants , reveals a new report . The 2017 Global Startup Ecosystem report , released by StartUp Genome last month , reveals that 18% of founders in Cape Town and 17% in Johannesburg are immigrants - slightly under the average of 19% for the 56 cities measured by the report . In comparison , just four percent of founders in Lagos , Nigeria are immigrants -- significantly below the 46% that are immigrant founders in Silicon Valley . Of the emerging market cities measured , Shanghai tops the list with 36% of startups founded by foreigners . Other notable cities are Berlin ( 43% ) , London ( 42% ) and Malta ( 39% ) . Silicon Cape director Alexandra Fraser said immigrant founders attracted to Cape Town include those partnering with local companies or those who have registered companies based in foreign jurisdictions but choose to operate out of the city . Fraser said some immigrant founders who count themselves as running a startup in Cape Town have built companies elsewhere and are attracted by the city 's beauty and fairly efficient management , as well as good access to capital and talent that the city provides . One such foreign founder is Sylvia Gruber . In 2009 she came from Austria to be with her then South African boyfriend . Being from a corporate background , she never intended to start a business in Cape Town . Since then she has started four businesses , two of which she has since sold ( including beauty products business Rubybox ) after closing her first business . Today she runs Carechamp.co.za , a technology and marketing platform connecting trained caregivers with people in need of home healthcare services . Gruber said that most of the foreign founders she knows were initially attracted to the beauty of Cape Town and its people . " Cape Town has such an entrepreneurial climate that I got inspired to start my first business , administratively it was quite easy . " However it 's important to have a visa allowing you to start a business and also allowing you to open up the required bank account for example , " she said . A parliamentary reply last month by former Home Affairs Minister ( now finance minister ) Malusi Gigaba is however cause for concern for foreign entrepreneurs looking to set up in South Africa . Gigaba stated that not a single new business visa was approved last year by the department . He added that all 48 applications for new business visas and 148 of the 173 applications for renewal were rejected -- most because of fraudulent supporting documents . StartUp Genome CEO JF Gauthier stressed that the figure the report uses for the percentage of immigrant founders in a city should be seen as a measure of diversity . rather than how many founders are on an immigrant visa or not . " They ( founders ) may have moved 20 years prior as an 18-year - old student , might have moved at the same age with their parent , or might have moved to work for a large company ... and then founded or co - founded a startup , " he said . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Emerging Markets , Entrepreneurship , News , Startups
With more snow than a Game of Thrones winter , the last week has been a flurry of excitement for tech enthusiasts , conference junkies , and snow blower salesmen around the country . But while you were sledding and getting excited about SXSW , Tech . Co was churning out top stories like it was our job , which it is . And if you 're feeling left out because you missed a few of them , do n't worry . We ' ve put together a list of our top stories from the last week so you can check them out without having to search for too long . Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here .
Small Giant Games , a Finnish game development startup , today announced the completion of its growth financing round of EUR5.4 million . The fresh capital will be used to market the startup 's brand new title Empires & Puzzles as well as to build new games . Lead investor in the round is Stockholm , Sweden based EQT Ventures , followed by the company 's earlier investors Creandum , Spintop Ventures , PROfounders and First Fellow Partners . Empires & Puzzles is an innovative online Role Playing Game that uniquely combines tactical puzzle battles with the building of a mighty stronghold and hero collection . The new game was launched last week on both iOS and Android mobile devices . Timo Soininen , CEO at Small Giant Games said : " We started our new game with a clear vision of creating something that 's super easy to pick up and play , but that also surprises the players with unforeseen depth and a fresh take on familiar elements . We are extremely pleased to have EQT Ventures on board to back our vision and help us reach our goals . EQT Ventures ' Lars Jornow has extensive experience in mobile gaming from his time at King and , coupled with their hands - on approach , they 'll be of great help to us in improving and growing this game and others in the future . " The mobile games company was founded in 2012 and aims to become one of the world 's most successful studios by creating engaging battle RPG games , with new types of multiplayer and social features . Small Giant has a small experienced team of 13 people . The team members are industry pioneers in free - to - play and social multiplayer games , consisting of Habbo and Remedy core team members joined by new international talent .
Welcome back to another episode of Equity , TechCrunch 's weekly podcast that works to put the ' fun ' in ' venture capital . ' This week from our SoMa studio , Katie Roof , Matthew Lynley and Alex Wilhelm were joined by Sequoia 's Roelof Botha . Sequoia , as you might know , was an early backer of companies like Google and Apple . SP Alex Wilhelm Contributor SP Alex Wilhelm is the editor - in - chief of Crunchbase News and co - host of Equity , TechCrunch 's venture capital - focused podcast . SP More posts by this contributor : SP Equity podcast : Uber 's losses , Cloudera 's IPO and the biggest e - commerce acquisition ever TechCrunch 's first - quarter tech earnings season prop bets SP Alex Wilhelm is the editor - in - chief of Crunchbase News and co - host of Equity , TechCrunch 's venture capital - focused podcast . Celebrating the continuing earnings fete thrown by various public tech companies , we dug into Tesla 's results and ensuing ( modest ) correction , Facebook 's big quarter and its rivalry with Snap , Square 's own financial tally , and recent IPOs Cloudera -- which after its conservative pricing has had a solid run -- and Carvana , which has mostly fallen apart since its debut . Perhaps we could invent a Lemon Law for car startups . Regardless , Equity drops every Friday at 6:00 am PT , so subscribe to us on iTunes , Overcast , Pocketcast , Downcast and all the casts .
Steven Koltai speaks at InBIA in Seattle on Monday . ( GeekWire photo ) SP Can entrepreneurship promote political stability and peace in countries around the world ? Steven Koltai certainly believes so . The long - time startup junkie , who was most recently a senior advisor for entrepreneurship at the U.S. Department of State under former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , spoke at the 31st International Conference on Business Incubation hosted by InBIA , a global network of entrepreneurs , in Seattle on Monday . After launching two companies and working as an investment banker , management consultant , and media industry executive , Koltai took a job with the U.S. government under Clinton in 2009 and helped create the Global Entrepreneurship Program , which focused on job creation via entrepreneurship in Muslim - majority countries . Koltai , who now runs his own consulting company , rehashed some of the main takeaways from his book , Peace through Entrepreneurship . " I wrote this book based on one simple premise : joblessness is the single biggest cause of political unrest and violence in the world , " Koltai said . " And the single best way to create jobs is through entrepreneurship . There is a straight line connection between entrepreneurship , jobs , political stability , and peace . " Koltai is focused on how the U.S. can help spur entrepreneurship in developing countries , many of which do not have the resources or cultural norms that help promote startup creation . Unsurprisingly , many people ask him why the U.S. should be involved in job creation abroad , rather than doing the same at home . He said this type of outreach directly impacts the U.S. itself -- particularly with security . Koltai noted how " all of the wars since World War II , we have lost . " " We probably should have learned that traditional warfare is not making us safer ; it is not making the world more peaceful , " he explained . " So maybe we could take a tiny , tiny , tiny portion of what we spend on what is by far the the largest discretionary spending area of government , and spend it on an alternative method of security creation , which is job creation . " Koltai provided evidence of how joblessness in different countries going through crisis creates unrest -- that in turn can threaten international security , he said . " Huge rates of unemployment generally drives people , especially young people , to desperation , " Koltai said . He also showed how countries that invest and encourage entrepreneurship can create wealth much faster than those who do not , both on an individual basis and on a national economy basis . For example , Singapore and Jamaica shared many similarities in 1965 -- island countries , British colonies , similar populations , same per - capita income , etc . But fast forward to today and Jamaica is one of the poorest countries in the world while Singapore is one of the wealthiest . " Part of the driver of that wealth was a focus on entrepreneurship and improving the business climate that existed in Singapore , " Koltai said . " From a purely economic standpoint , it was transformative . " Koltai hopes that the U.S. will spend more of its foreign aid budgets on entrepreneurship promotion . He said the U.S. spends less than countries like Canada , Sweden , and The Netherlands in absolute dollars . " Not only do we spend very little , but we spend it very badly , " he added . So how do cities and countries promote entrepreneurship ? Koltai developed a " Six + Six Entrepreneurship Ecosystem Model , " which highlights the six actions he believes is required to create more jobs and companies ( click to enlarge ) : SP " We believe that only through this comprehensive , holistic approach can true progress toward a healthy entrepreneurial ecosystem be achieved , " Koltai writes on his site .
Solving the New York Times crossword in the Puzzazz app , switching automatically between digital pen and pencil using Apple Pencil , while watching a movie using Apple Split View on an iPad . ( Puzzazz Image ) SP Puzzle technology company Puzzazz has a history of developing novel input techniques for people who solve crosswords and other puzzles on mobile devices , and it 's continuing the tradition with the latest update to its digital puzzle bookstore and puzzle - solving app for Apple 's iOS . The newly released Puzzazz 5.0 comes with a feature that let solvers using an Apple Pencil or 3D Touch automatically switch between virtual pencil and pen input modes depending on the amount of pressure they put on the screen . A lighter touch results in virtual pencil mode , while a harder press activates pen mode , eliminating the need to manually switch between the two modes . The company says it 's the first such usage of pressure - sensing technology . The feature works in Puzzazz with the Apple Pencil on iPad Pro and with regular finger input on iPhones that support 3D ToucBCh . Virtual pen and pencil input have been available previously in the Puzzazz app , but not the ability to switch between them based on pressure . Virtual pencil input helps solvers remember which letters they were less confident about , and it does n't count those answers against them when determining if they ' ve correctly solved the puzzle . If the puzzle is completely filled in with pen with at least one wrong entry , it 's marked incorrect . In testing , solvers were able to discover how the new pressure - sensitive switching worked without reading any documentation , a testament to the amount of work that the Redmond , Wash. , startup put into the feature . " We knew we wanted it to feel natural , but getting from that basic idea to something that feels right meant building , testing , tweaking , and iterating until it worked naturally and smoothly , " explained Roy Leban , Puzzazz CEO and founder . " Nobody had ever done this before , so it was n't like we could look at what others had done . " In addition , the updated app works with Apple 's Split View feature on supported iPad models , for solving a puzzle in a portion of the screen while watching a video or other content side - by - side with the puzzle . Puzzazz also supports the iPad 's Slide Over feature , letting solvers search for answers on the web without leaving the app . Puzzazz is akin to Kindle for puzzles -- an app for purchasing puzzle e - books and solving a wide variety of puzzles . It recently surpassed 100 puzzle e - books in its store . The app offers free daily KenKen and Sodoku puzzles , and gives New York Times digital crossword subscribers a high - tech platform for solving the popular NYT puzzles . Support for the New York Times puzzles was simplified and improved in this latest version . Other new features in the latest Puzzazz update include Bluetooth keyboard support , the ability to rate puzzles , and support for Quick Actions -- the option to use 3D Touch to go straight to the NYT crossword or featured titles from the iOS home screen . The app continues to offer Puzzazz 's previously released " TouchWrite " feature , which lets puzzle solvers trace letters and numbers in large form across the screen , automatically recognizing and inserting the characters into the fields of a crossword , Sodoku or other puzzle . TouchWrite is a previous Innovation of the Year winner in the GeekWire Awards .
In preparation for Disrupt New York and our upcoming TC Sessions series on Robotics Matt Burns and I will be heading to Pittsburgh to talk to some startups . We have some good news ! We ' ve found a space . We will meet at the Shop on April 11 at 7 pm , a new place near bakery square . Please RSVP ASAP . We also need lots and lots of startups , preferably in hardware . Startups will have two minutes to pitch and two minutes of questioning from a set of amazing judges ( to be named . ) We 're gathering some booze and food sponsors as we speak so you 'll be well - fed . Thanks to Kit Mueller and The Shop for the help so far . If you 'd like to pitch at our Pitch - Off please sign up here . See yinz soon !
startup pitches . Company : Reason . Headquarters : San Francisco . Founding Team : Crina Oana Bordas , Mike Chen and Jeff Chen . Why we like it : Because trapping your team members together in a closed room sounds fun ... especially as the powerful CEO . That is until your team members drag you in with them . Team work can really make or break a business . If the team meshes well and collectively believes in their work , so does the service and product . But you also want to be having fun . All work and no play , makes Jack a dull boy . So do something fun innovative with the team . Reason embeds game mechanics and advanced technology to create innovative team - bonding activities . We 're not talking about simple online games , chats or puzzles . We 're already in the second decade of the 21st century . It 's time to bring about full blown rooms packed with interactive puzzles , virtual reality engagement , robotic confrontations . They have over 50,000 startups in their network with AI , Robotics , IOT , Drones , HCI and VR . Yep they ' ve got the tech gear in line . Bringing your business team to Reason , not only forces participation with up and coming tech but with each other . Surely not everyone can be a whizz at all these gadgets . Reason has an activity they ' ve called the Escape Room . This is a real life adventure in which players are trapped inside a room , with nothing but what they are given to figure out a way to escape . Let 's give you visuals . Imagine a giant reactor . Something like a closed cylindrical room , gadgets lining the walls , blue lights illuminating your vision and screens talking tech to you . But something 's gone wrong . What are you suppose to do ? The only help you can find is from your teammates and the top - notch tech scattered around the room . Within two hours you need to discover the clues , make observations and recognise patterns to shutdown the reactor in time and escape before the whole thing explodes . If time pressure , innovative gadgets , forced communication and hand ons work does n't get the blood pumping and the conversations flowing , then well , maybe more than just the reactor is going to explode . SP
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > On this episode , Entrepreneur Network partner Business Rockstars highlights Jamie Foxx and Shannon Ridley , founder of Wizpak , who explain why an entrepreneur should be more positive than ever about his or her business prospects . " This is the best time in the world to live when it comes to being creative , " says Foxx . " When it comes to being an entrepreneur . . . . you can grab it right out of the air and make things happen . " Watch the video to learn more . Watch more great interviews on Business Rockstar 's YouTube channel . Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre . EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire , Roku and Apple TV . Click here to become a part of this growing video network . Business Rockstars is the first integrated , multi - platform media company featuring entrepreneurs , startups , and CEO 's . With award - winning content creators and influencers , we are connecting and growing a community of entrepren ...
Anyone who has ever been a caregiver for an aging loved one is well acquainted with the anxieties that accompany such a role : Is Nana safe while home alone ? Is mum 's bedroom warm enough in the middle of winter ? Is grandpa wandering out of the house in the middle of the night ? SP There are currently 3 million UK citizens tasked with a seemingly impossible juggling act every day : Balancing a full - time job with caregiving responsibilities . One in six individuals in the UK , in fact , ultimately chooses to give up work in order to care for an elderly loved one --which has a significant impact upon a caregiver 's ability to go about daily life , as well as a ripple effect upon families . SP SP Howz , a startup that pairs home - monitoring technology with a routine - tracking app to keep families connected with their elderly loved ones , hopes to ameliorate some of these common issues . SP The app taps into existing systems such as a home 's electricity meter , and uses machine learning and long - term analytics to track daily activity patterns -- all without requiring use of a wearable or invasive devices . Eventually , the app may also pair with a variety of smart - home devices to provide a more robust activity profile . Howz products can be purchased online , and a trained installer will come to users ' homes to walk them through the system ( self - installation is also an option ) . Upon set - up , the Howz team speaks extensively with users to develop a custom - tailored monitoring plan based on individualised goals and living situations . SP Louise Rogerson , the company 's director of service development , says that this holistic approach to SP routine - monitoring is not only effective , but that it 's also one of the most affordable such systems on the market today . Rogerson , who comes from a background in neurophysiotherapy , also touts the technology 's minimally invasive nature : Most of the data points that Howz monitors ( electricity usage , home temperature , etc . ) are already being recorded in most people 's homes . More data SP -- door movement , light levels , etc . -- can easily be monitored without an obtrusive or complicated device . Then , Howz brings all of the information into a single ecosystem . SP " It became very clear early on that we needed something passive that was n't a wearable -- so that the house could do the talking , " Rogerson tells Mashable . " We needed something that did n't require a huge effort [ on the part of the user ] . That 's where the combination of movement , daily routine , etc . comes in -- that 's the key indicator for me , as a therapist , when somebody is starting to have a problem . Way before I see anything else , I see that . " Sometimes , says Rogerson , simply making people aware of activity patterns can lead to improvements -- or raise red flags before a situation becomes dire . The technology can be particularly helpful for personnes with early - stage dementia . SP Image : SP The Howz team comes from a varied background . Jonathan Burr , the company 's CEO , comes from a past life in finance and traffic data analysis . The team also employs a mathematician and an R&D specialist to help build out the app 's algorithms and analytics . Obviously , as the company continues to grow -- Howz currently has fewer than 100 active users , but hopes to eventually become commonplace technology in thousands of homes -- it will need to scale accordingly . There are already plans in place for anticipated growth , says Rogerson . In February , Howz was awarded the EDF Energy Pulse Award for Connected Home and Business . As a result , the company received a PS30,000 grant , as well as support from Blue Lab ( an innovation accelerator programme ) , to determine the optimal way to bring Howz into homes on a large - scale level . " We ' ve got quite a clear vision of where we can go with this , " says Rogerson . " There are already countless hypotheses that monitoring [ change to routine ] is important -- and more clinical research coming out agrees . Our product is able to do this extremely well . " SP
VCDigital All Stars is a series of articles which aims to celebrate the best of South African digital . The articles , which will appear on Memeburn and Ventureburn , recognise and celebrate South Africa 's best digital entrepreneurs , business people , advertisers , and media professionals among others . In this piece we take a look at all of the interesting ( and one or two controversial ) changes that SA startups have gone through in 2016 . With that in mind , we compiled a list of companies to watch for in the year ahead . SP Easily one of the most popular Bitcoin wallets worldwide , BitX launched out of Stellenbosch in 2013 . Since then the company has seen substantial growth , raising US$ 4-million from Naspers in 2014 and an undisclosed amount from Venturra Capital in 2015 . Besides the funding , BitX expanded on its product ranges by allowing customers to purchase airtime and products from Bid or Buy with Bitcoin , as well as a partnership with virtual card system Zazoo . This year , the company has already taken a lead forward by shedding off the technical name of BitX and adopting the more consumer - friendly name of Luno . The company is also expanding into the UK . This startup is one of two on this list using Blockchain in interesting ways . Custos is trying to kerb movie piracy . Originating from the famed Stellenbosch LaunchLab in 2015 , the co - founders wanted to do something different with Blockchain , which they did . It seems that the idea has impressed more than a few people as Custos received R4-million in funding in April last year , and another R5.9-million from the Technology Innovation Agency in August . With Hollywood always looking to fight movie piracy , this is one startup you 're bound to hear more of . This crowdsourcing newcomer aims at providing feedback to products of brands / agencies through its innovative crowdsourcing systems . In May 2016 , Delvv.io received an R2-million cash injection from veteran investor Kevin Gaskell , and another R6.5-million raised by SA VC HAVAIC and Gaskell later in the year . The company was also crowned the winner of the Ventureburn Pitching Den , which was held at the 2016 Innovation Summit in Johannesburg , and secured its spot at the Startup World Cup . With all of these achievements , it will be interesting to see what Delvv.io gets up to in 2017 . SP Probably the biggest rival to SweepSouth , on - demand cleaning service Domestly had a fruitful 2016 . The company beat out 450 other entries to take home the MTN App of the Year Award . Domestly also used its existing traction to scale its business within SA , stretching operations to Pretoria , Midrand and Centurion . Shortly after entering those various areas , Domestly introduced a subscription service whereby you could book your favourite cleaner for a three to 12-month period . To top off the year , Domestly took home the Best Disruptive Innovation Award at the AppsAfrica Awards . This recruitment app is easily one of the biggest highlights in the South African startup ecosystem . Last year , the company was chosen to represent SA in the Seedstars World pitching finals and went on to bag first place and a cool US$ 500 000 in equity investment . This startup also concluded an undisclosed funding round with the Omidyar Network . All of this from a company that only launched in 2015 .B iKhokha deviated from other fintech startups by cracking the consumer market when it rolled out PoS terminals for purchases in Game stores across the country . Months after this announcement , iKhokha doubled up on its offering by allowing merchants to receive cash advancements to help grow its businesses . Three months after this announcement iKhokha partnered with Mastercard to try and roll out 700 PoS terminals to businesses within informal settlements . iKhokha then later went on to win the Mastercard Innovation Award at the Mastercard Innovation Forum in Hungary . SP This health tech startup launched at one of the biggest global tech events CES Las Vegas in 2015 . LifeQ has the backing of some major Fortune 500 companies and angel investors . Some of which include former corporate vice president in charge of the Internet Explorer team at Microsoft Dean Hachamovitch , CEO of Dakine and former vice president of Nike Running Chris Donnelly . In mid-2016 , LifeQ also partnered with US Analog Devices and Garmin to create its " connected health solution " . This micro - jobbing platform has undergone some interesting changes since its launch in 2014 . Not only has the startup receive investment from WeChat , it also acquired the services of Google 's Brett St. Clair ( though he has since left ) , and bought digital market research company Pondering Panda . Last year the company stated it was looking for a buyer , and founder Andre Hugo confirmed it may have to shutter if one could n't be found . Users were also asked to cash - out their earnings before 31 March . Hugo later confirmed that the company was sold to Informal Solutions and exited with a re - launch coming soon . Since then , the startup has been rather quiet . Maybe 2017 is the year of its comeback ? Started by brothers Malan and Philip Joubert , OfferZen burst onto the SA startup scene last year . Taking what they had learned in Silicon Valley , the pair started this curated job platform just for programmers and technical specialists . Just months after launching , OfferZen saw phenomenal growth and helped 250 companies find employees through the platform . This included the likes of Superbalist , Takealot , and Snapscan . Couple that with an impressive month - to - month growth of well over 40% , and you ' ve got a tech startup that 's bound to make more waves in the coming year . All of this from a bootstrapped company too . SP This fintech company , which launched in 2012 , had an interesting 2016 . At the beginning of the year the startup announced that Absa , which already held a 49% stake in it , would offer the startup 's services to its clients . In November the company announced it would be buying back its shares from Absa . The startup then added R100 m business retail loans to its offering . Whatever 2017 may hold for RainFin , the company will be an interesting one to watch as it creates a new image away from Absa and for itself . Founded by husband and wife Aisha Pandor and Alen Ribic , the startup came onto the SA scene in 2014 when it won the Get - Up Start - Up pitch award . In 2015 it announced a seed funding round , and joined the 500 Startups programme in Silicon Valley later that year . Early last year the startup secured R10-million in funding , which is a pretty substantial amount . It also expanded to Durban and finally launched a mobile app . Is there no stopping SweepSouth in 2017 ? We 'll just have to wait and see . Snapt , which launched in early 2012 , provides secure application delivery software which recorded more than 1000 global clients representing 10 000 licenses . In June 2016 Snapt raised R15-million in capital from Convergence Partners . This influx of funds propelled Snapt 's international expansion . Snapt was also a finalist at the 2016 Seedstars World Soweto event . SP The second interesting digital currency company on our list ( not just using it for money transfer services ) , The Sun Exchange uses Bitcoin for solar energy investment . Last year the company was not only named the best Blockchain and Bitcoin company in SA at the Finance Africa Conference , but also placed first in the Bitcoin and Block Exchange category at the African FinTech Awards . This online income tax calculator has made its way around the startup scene somewhat having launched in 2012 . TaxTim founders Marc Sevitz and Evan Robinson have scaled TaxTim gradually throughout the years . Rolling out various services such as direct filing to SARS , receiving funding from MMI holdings , and developing systems to serve SMEs with its tax completion tools . TaxTim also enjoys backing from 15 tax professionals at PwC. Verification service ThisIsMe launched in Septemeber 2014 and has since landed US$ 2.5-million in funding last year . This substantial investment was intended to be used to expand into international territory , namely Australia and New Zealand . 20 major companies which include two banks , insurance companies , and many others have already signed up to the service . SP WeFix ( formerly known as iFix before last year 's name change ) has opened 33 stores and fixes a range of phones from Apple to LG . It has also launched many services and products such as Plus , a protection plan for apple devices , RiCharge and Houdt . WeFix will have an additional 3 stores open by the end of March . In 2016 the company not only rebranded but expanded its product offering to go beyond Apple products . WeFix has also teamed up with FNB since the bank launched its ConeXis smartphones . During the Pokemon Go phase , the team ramped up sales of its charging stations and have been in talks with Uber about a RiCharge solution . Another fintech startup , Zoona initially launched to help bank the unbankable , or those without banking facilities or access to the financial establishments . In 2016 Zoona had already accomplished a number of stellar achievements . In April the company announced it had processed more than US$ 1-billion in transactions , and later went on to raise an additional US$ 15-million in funding in August . Finally , Zoona won the Social Entrepreneurship award at the Africa Awards for Entrepreneurship . It will be interesting to see not only how the company grows in 2017 , but what it will be doing with that cool US$ 15-million in funding . Thank you to Andy Walker and Matthew Alexander for assisting with editing and research for the feature . Update : Additional clarity to M4JAM and WeFix . Nothing about Brandchat . Social ?
Monzo , one of a number of so - called " challenger " banks in the U.K. aiming to re - invent the current account , has had the " restrictions " on its banking license lifted and says it will begin rolling out full current accounts to its pre - paid card and beta app users . Whist this might seem like a regulatory technicality , it 's a significant milestone for the young London - based startup and means U.K. regulators are confident Monzo has the required technology infrastructure and capital required to begin looking after customer deposits on a much - wider and protected scale . This can also include being able to lend those deposits out at some point in the future , which , like rival Starling and traditional banks , forms the basis of the company 's initial business model . That Monzo has met the regulator 's capital requirements is no surprise . The U.K. challenger bank recently announced the close of its latest crowdfunding round , which attracted more than PS12 million in pledges and formed part of its Series C funding round of PS22 million . Related Articles Confirmed : UK challenger bank Monzo raises PS19.5 M with another PS2.5 M in crowdfunding planned Listen to Monzo founder on building a ' smart ' bank , fintech bubble and turning down acquisition offer How rival challenger bank Starling pranked Mondo on day new name Monzo was unveiled Starling Bank , a digital - only UK challenger bank , launches beta To that end , Monzo says it will begin offering current accounts to " small numbers of people over the next few months " as it further develops its systems and to generate more feedback from customers . After which -- whenever that is -- it will start offering the current account to all of its existing 150,000-plus users as well as new customers . I 'm told the Monzo current account will have standard current account features , including Faster Payments , Direct Debits , international transfers , and , crucially , FSCS protection -- the latter part of being granted a banking license . And of course you can expect Monzo 's innovative functionality , such as budgeting and bill splitting , real - time alerts of transactions , geotagged transactions , and a lot more . You can listen to my interview with Monzo co - founder and CEO Tom Blomfield recorded in late February below :
For any business , managing employee efficiency and workflow is often a strenuous task , especially when the dealing with medium to larger sized teams . SP Things become even more complicated when the business is operating in larger facilities such as airports and shopping malls , where it becomes near impossible to track an employee 's movements over a large area . While the market is compacted with project management platforms that help streamline employee administration and organisation , none comprehensively address the location - based issue that businesses operating in larger spaces face when it comes to employee management . SP Harnessing the power of location technology , startup Lighthouse.io has developed a cloud - based workforce management platform looking to solve the issue , by enabling employers to accurately locate and interact with their employees . SP Operating through an app of the same name , Lighthouse.io uses Bluetooth beacons to detect an employee 's location and track their whereabouts . SP As cofounder Ben Howden explained , a manager is able to view the collected data via a web - based management console , informing one the app 's key benefits of helping to " optimise " employee efficiency . " Existing app - based solutions in the same space typically do n't take into account a staff member 's exact location when presenting or collecting information , " Howden said . To make the most out of the location and analytical features , the app is targeted at businesses operating within industries where employees are required to move around a lot , such as cleaning and security . SP Train stations , large corporate campuses , airports , hospitals , and stadiums are among the startup 's target sites . Taking a shopping mall as an example ; the app would work by first having each worker within the , say , cleaning team , provided with a mobile device and bluetooth beacon at the beginning of their shift . Howden explained that the startup can provide businesses with phones that have the app installed , but they do also support a " BYO devices " approach . The Lighthouse.io mobile app installed on the mobile device is able to detect signals being broadcast by Bluetooth beacons deployed at a site " The range of the beacons is configurable and usually set anywhere from two metres to 30 metres , but we also use GPS where beacons are n't appropriate , such as large outdoor environments , " explained Howden . Staff managers can create an account for each employee which can then be used to log into the app as their shift begins , a feature which can integrate with certain attendance and payroll softwares to eliminate the need for paper timesheets . The employees continue with their shift , and if a Bluetooth signal is recieved , Lighthouse.io will record the employee 's location and search for any new content that can be sent to the them , such as task lists , reminders , messages , and saftey alerts . " Users can also access other forms on - demand from the mobile app , again eliminating the need for paper forms . Forms typically include task lists , issue reports and audits , however the customer can build any form they want via the web based management console , " Howden explained . Location is n't the only type of data Lighthouse.io tracks , however , as the app can also detect if KPIs are missed during a shift . SP " For example , if a bathroom at a train station should be checked by a cleaner every 30 minutes to maintain cleanliness and eliminate risks , our system can monitor if this occurs , " Howden added . All the data collected throughout the day is available through the web management console , which visualises the information through neat graphs and lists . SP The idea for the business came to Howden and his cofounders Patrick Carne and Tony Milne during their work at digital solutions agency Inlight Media , where they identified the potential for Bluetooth beacon technology to be used in retail . Following the launch of version one of Lighthouse.io , the cofounders were approached by Australian facilities service provider Spotless to understand if the tech could be used to manage a cleaning workforce . SP " Through our engagement with Spotless we realised there was significant opportunity in facilities management and decided to make that our focus for the product , " said Howden . Beyond ending the need for paper forms , the app also benefits businesses operating within facilities by creating a streamlined method to report issues , collect data and complete audits . " This data helps [ managers ] understand the optimal number of staff required per shift and helps them make better resourcing decisions , " said Howden . Licences for the app are based on a monthly subscription per user , although the startup did n't specify the exact cost , saying it " varies by opportunity " and market . SP Recently raising over $ 1 million in seed funding from Tamarisic , a firm focusing on real estate tech , the business is now developing an IFTTT feature that allows its users to create conditional programming statements , in order to notify Lighthouse.io users of particular events and further differentiate the app from similar existing technologies . " For example , if a customer visit count to bathroom exceeds a defined threshold , it can trigger a notification to the nearest cleaner . If staff enters a high risk location , it can trigger a safety notification , " explained Howden . SP As for the startup 's central goal in the coming year , Howden said the business will look to grow revenue in the US market while setting the business up for a Series A funding round . He said the business will also begin to " explore " industries such as health and property .
Having a mentor to coach you through the twists and turns of startup life can be invaluable . Even researchers agree that founders who engage with mentors will increase their bottom line . In a study by mentorship program MicroMentor , data shows that " mentored businesses increased their revenue by 83 percent while non - mentored business only increased their revenue by 16 percent . " The report also revealed that 42 percent of mentored business started up while only 29 percent of non - mentored business launched . Ask any founder and there are clear benefits to mentoring . This is one reason why one - to - one mentoring programs are on the rise . If you 're planning to look for a professional mentor or are motivated by a desire to help young people succeed and make a difference in their lives , these four stories will be of great inspiration . Thinking about business mentors , the first person that comes to my mind is Virgin Group 's founder Richard Branson . The serial entrepreneur has helped hundreds of successful business owners through Virgin 's startup program . But who mentored Richard Branson ? " Branson asked British airline entrepreneur , Sir Freddie Laker , for guidance during his struggle to get Virgin Atlantic off the ground , " according to Small Business BC . SP " It 's always good to have a helping hand at the start . I would n't have got anywhere in the airline industry without the mentorship of Sir Freddie Laker , " said Branson to The Sun , a British newspaper . Sir Freddie Laker is well known for founding Laker Airways in 1966 , which went bankrupt in 1982 . Having a tremendous business experience in the airline industry , he was able to give great advice to fellow airline entrepreneurs Richard Branson and Stelios Haji - Ioannou , of easyJet . Finding a mentor with experience in your industry can be extremely helpful . They will not only have incredibly valuable connections for you , but they have also walked paths of the road you might travel and their experience will help you make fewer mistakes and catch you before you make bigger ones . If you have ever read Vogue magazine , chances are you know Sally Singer . She was the fashion news director for the print magazine before becoming editor - in - chief at T : The New York Times Style Magazine . At the end of 2012 , Singer returned to Vogue , this time overseeing the online version as the creative director of digital . " I ' ve had three female mentors in my professional life who have been incredibly important in the way I shape the way I think , " said Singer in an interview with Refinery 29 . " The first is a woman by the name of Margaret Simmons of Travel Holiday magazine , which was the first job I got after graduate school . What I learned from her was all the mechanics of relaunching a magazine . " Singer 's second mentor is Sara Bershtel , some she learned a lot from in her time as an editor . " When I went to work in books , she was an editor at Farrar , Straus , and Giroux , " said Singer . " She taught me to be a text editor and to work very collaboratively with authors . I really learned to edit from her . " And last but not least the third is Anna Wintour , a true inspiration to Singer . " She taught me everything about everything . Anna , I think , has taught me to always be true to myself ; to fight for what I see , " Singer continued . Having a number of mentors is always better than having just one . Each mentor can help you in different stages of your career or even on a personal level . These inspiring professionals will help you shape the way you think and make better decisions . Every time you bump into someone who can contribute to your professional or personal development , do n't miss the opportunity . Ask them questions in their area of knowledge and learn from them as much as you can . Jon Uriarte founded Ticketbis along with Ander Michelena back in 2009 . Their platform is an online marketplace to buy and sell tickets for events such as concerts , sports , musicals , and theater plays among others . After years of hard work , they got an agreement to sell their startup to eBay for $ 165 million . The giant online marketplace had their eye on the Spanish startup for a long time to expand their StubHub business line into Europe , Latin America , and Asia . Likewise , Eneko Knorr is a serial entrepreneur and advisor who has created successful companies from scratch in Silicon Valley such as Ludei and Cacoon and software for web developers to build native mobile apps . Knorr has been more than an investor to Jon Uriarte . They now take part in entrepreneurial events where they present their stories to inspire other entrepreneurs . When seeing them together on the stage , it 's clear they have an appreciation for each other . Knorr believed in Uriarte 's project from the beginning and trusted he was the right person to execute the plan and take Ticketbis to where it is at the moment . Mentors need to believe in their mentees , and mutual appreciation is essential . Mentors need to believe their mentees have the capabilities to execute the project and mentees need to believe they are receiving the best advice to climb big mountains and reach their goals . Ezichi Bordner is the owner of South County Math Tutor , a company that helps students solve problems every day in algebra , trigonometry , geometry , and calculus . Bordner 's parents changed their middle class and comfortable lifestyle in Nigeria to go to the United States for get a better education , to grow their kids ' talents and seek new opportunities . As a young entrepreneur , Bordner found support from her husband , family , and friends . However , she soon realized she needed professional advice from someone more objective- she eventually found volunteer mentor , Elliot Wassarman , as he had vast experience in the technology field and as he explains " An awful lot of people have helped me in my career , so I decided a really good thing for me and something that I knew I would enjoy would be to give back what I had learned in some fashion , " said Wassarman . He helped her not only with her business plan , strategy , and marketing but also with real life advice through quality mentorship . Having a mutual benefit is key for a flourishing mentorship relationship . While mentors help mentees make better business decisions , mentors can also receive personal satisfaction by helping a founder or even reap some economic reward if they happen to invest in their mentee 's project . Read more about entrepreneurial mentorship here on Tech . Co
The incredible success that entrepreneurs like Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs were able to have without completing higher education programs established a sentiment that earning your degree might not be necessary to make it big in the startup world . Although schooling has always been an important part of learning tricks of the trade for fields like accounting , marketing , and medical , entrepreneurs have traditionally felt like the higher education funding programs and curriculum available did n't quite fit their needs . Fortunately , universities and scholarship providers across the nation are starting to hear aspiring entrepreneurs ' cry for support . Over the past few years , universities , colleges , and technical schools have begun installing programs and resources designed specifically to fit the needs of entrepreneurial - minded students . Many have gone beyond simply adjusting curriculum or adding courses and have created entire buildings specifically for entrepreneurial - focused programs . Here are four ways higher education is working to become a major player in the future of the startup world . Business incubators have been in schools across the U.S. since the 1950s . Although their traditional roots of providing aspiring business owners with the tools and resources they need to get started have not changed , the type of businesses they focus on has begun to change . Incubators are now more focused on businesses within the tech sphere , which caters more to the startup world . Schools are listening to what their students are asking for and providing entrepreneurs who are interested in the startup world with the guidance , materials , and programs they need to get a leg up in the industry . The Simone Center at the Rochester Institute of Technology provides students with degree programs and curriculum designed specifically to nurture entrepreneurial minds and build upon tech - focused business models . The center takes on students at all levels to provide them with the resources and guidance they need to take their ideas to the next level . Another on - campus incubator the startup world is excited about is the Harvard Innovation Lab . The program provides innovation challenges , cross - university courses , and startup launch labs to help Harvard students build and launch their startups while completing their coursework to earn their degrees . Scholarships have traditionally been awarded based on academic achievement or participation in collegiate sports . Although these are both fantastic routes for some students to take as they look for options to fund their higher education efforts , many entrepreneurial - minded students have different interests and talents in the tech sphere that do n't fit within these areas . This is why the addition of creative scholarships over the past few years has helped more entrepreneurs pursue their goals of earning a college degree . Scholarship programs like the video gaming scholarship at Ohio University , the robot competition scholarship from FIRST , and the Intel Science scholarship for research projects provide alternative routes for tech - minded students to fund their schooling with their unique talents . Some schools have taken their incubator programs a step further in providing not only specific programs and resources for entrepreneurs , but special housing as well . The Lassonde Institute at the University of Utah offers up entrepreneur housing that allows students to literally live at the office while they work to bring their ideas to life . The $ 45 million dollar residential building houses 400 students who earn their spot through an application process . Georgetown University also offers student housing for entrepreneurs who would like to experience living where they work during the first year of their college career . One of the most difficult steps an entrepreneur is tasked with on the journey to bringing an idea to life is securing funding . Although this usually involves getting their foot in the door with VCs and crafting an amazing pitch to sell them on an idea , some schools are helping their entrepreneur students make this process a bit easier by setting up venture competitions . Boston College hosts an annual venture competition where students submit their business plans to be reviewed by a panel of judges . The selected winners receive prizes of up to $ 15,000 in funding to help them get a solid start on growing their ideas into profitable businesses . USC Marshall has a competition designed specifically for female entrepreneurs . The Marshall Women 's Pitch Competition accepts submissions from teams of current students who go head - to - head in a pitch - battle . The group of talented students who win this competition are also awarded up to $ 15,000 . Higher education and entrepreneurism are two things that have never seemed to go hand - in - hand in the past . Although there are many successful business owners who have completed their studies while growing their businesses , it seems like some of the most well - known of the bunch left school before they earned their degrees . Fortunately , schools and the programs that support them are changing things up a bit in hopes of becoming a bigger influence on this generation 's biggest names in the startup world .
startup stories . SP Welcome to the easy solution of following leads and winning sales . Here , we introduce Philip Schweizer , CEO and CoFounder of SalesWings . His Swiss plugin works as an add - on to emails and websites , identifying when leads are visiting a website and notifying the sales team about hot sales opportunities . . Meet the Founder . Philip Schweizer , a key player in the high - tech venture scene has been involved in operating small , agile sales and marketing teams in growing companies for eight years . In 2014 he CoFounded SalesWings to " change the lives of all brave sales people " . Apart from managing this successful startup , he also designs efficient sales and marketing processes for other startups , offering services in business strategies , communications , processes , sales , SAAS and software choices . SP What 's So Special About the Service ? SalesWings has been designed with automation in mind . Successful sales come from following up on the right leads , and following them up quickly . SalesWings helps the sales team jump on hot leads quickly by offering email marketing platforms and web forms to track quality leads accurately . A high number of leads does not equal good equality . At SalesWings , their intelligent algorithm analyzes the lead 's website activity 24/7 and categorizes all marketing leads into hot , warm and cold , prioritising the most favourable and urgent lead to benefit your business . This add - on available to websites and emails , identifies visitors and customers to the business website who are ready to purchase or contribute to the company . Through an intelligent behavioural algorithm , SalesWings analyzes data such as the lead 's website activity , their frequency of visits , time they spend on the site and their behaviour to clearly identify most interested customers . The most interested and engaged lead is placed on the top of the list so the sales team can promptly follow up on them . The plug - in will send notifications to the sales team about follow - up opportunities , so they do n't forget . SP
You 're bored by your current job and ready to start a new adventure ? Each week we 're introducing you to some great career opportunities in the startup space . This is your chance to join one of Europe 's most promising startups . Check out our job board for to get a complete overview on the 115 statup jobs there . And without further ado here are the startup jobs of the week : BTC is one of the fastest growing platforms in the Bitcoin ecosystem . Right now , the company is seeking Senior Security Engineers to join the growing team in Amsterdam . Want to join an interesting company in the Bitcoin space ? Apply now ! Project A is an operational VC that provides its ventures with capital , an extensive network and exclusive access to a wide range of operational expertise . Join the Berlin - based investment firm now as a Group CFO . Ottoraha is one of the Nordic country 's leading loan comparison website . The Helsinki - based company aims at helping people to find the best possible loans by comparing all the best loan sites in one simple search . Join them now as a Front - End Designer . The Birdhouse is a Ghent - based accelerator which supports entrepreneurs by connecting them with the right people in an ambitious environment . Right now , they are looking to hire a Operational Intrapreneur ( a.k.a . COO ) . Marfee e is a Barcelona - based mobile ad - tech startup . It was named as Wired Magazine 's 2015 Top 100 Startup . Join them in sunny Barcelona on their successful journey and apply now as a Java Jedi . By the way : If you 're a startup CEO and also looking for some rockstar employees for your company , make sure to publish a job opening with us now . While basic job ads are free , a premium job ad ( for just EUR90 ) provides you with the following advantages :
We ' ve seen quite a few ' Tinder for X ' or ' Uber of X ' apps launching in the last year or two , with the car buying industry now receiving one as well , in the form of Carter . A South African app , Carter uses swipe gestures to find a car for you , connecting you to an appropriate dealership in the process . " The Carter app is a world first and has been designed to appeal to all new car buyers . A shortlist of suitable cars can be built by swiping right ( i.e. yes , I like it ) or swiping left ( i.e. not interested ) -- similar to the well - known Tinder app , " read an excerpt of a press release sent to Ventureburn . " The system learns from the user 's actions which then gets them closer to the cars they should be considering . Carter 's uniqueness comes from its app functionality , learning algorithm and the smart discovery process . " In other words , 0S the app learns about your vehicle preferences instead of asking you for an exact manufacturer and model . It takes a number of criteria into account , such as speed , safety , gadgets , maximum passengers and other factors . " The majority of other platforms ask you which make and model car you want . They assume you know what you want or need . Carter 's mission is to empower the consumer . We have built a fun and friendly platform to help you find the right car and then conveniently source great deals from reputable dealers , " said Amit Bholla of Carter . Co - founder Tom Gardner compared Carter to Edgars . " There is n't an Edgars for new cars . There is n't anywhere you can browse hatchbacks or compact SUVs side by side . The problem with this is that there may be the perfect compact SUV out there for you , you just do n't know about it . By creating a virtual showroom that allows people to browse by usage requirements , we have created a virtual Edgars for cars . " The Carter app is available as a free download on Android and iOS . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Mobile apps
In 2015 , TurboAppeal , a Chicago - based , leading technology firm that utilizes big data analytics and proprietary software solutions to help both commercial and residential real estate owners gain insight into their property values and automate the tax appeal process , was one of the five finalists in our Startup of the Year competition . We ' ve been following their progress and growth and since then : they ' ve raised $ 5.7 M in capital , totaling $ 7.2 M , to be used for multi - city expansion . Back in the August 2016 , TurboAppeal launched their a new commercial tax appeal product through a partnership with Paradigm Tax Group , a national property tax consulting firm that serves all 50 states . Today , they have acquired TurboAppeal to solidify that they are the only technology - enabled property tax service and product solution for owners of both commercial and residential real estate to date . Together they are looking to combine TurboAppeal 's technology and Paradigm 's ASCEND system and transform the way property taxes are managed . Baal Shah , cofounder and CEO of TurboAppeal , now Chief Marketing Officer of Paradigm Tax Group said he believed approximately 70 percent of homes are over paying on their property taxes and wanted to provide a solution for homeowners . With this acquisition , the homeowner can sign up in less than 30 seconds . Then their algorithm works through the data to generate the most accurate evidence for the homeowner . As of Fall 2016 , TurboAppeal saved property owners close to $ 10MM in property taxes . " We are ecstatic about the opportunity to join Paradigm Tax Group , " said Badal Shah , co - founder and CEO of TurboAppeal and now Chief Marketing Officer of Paradigm Tax Group . " We have always recognized Paradigm as the most forward thinking national property tax firm with the strongest value proposition in the market , and believe TurboAppeal 's capabilities will further strengthen Paradigm 's position . " Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here at Tech . Co Frank Gruber , founder of TechCo Media , Inc is an advisor to TurboAppeal .
Melbourne online beauty retailer Adore Beauty has bought back the 25 percent stake it sold to Woolworths less than two years ago , with founder Kate Morris saying " our respective goals and priorities were no longer as aligned going forward as they were at the start " . The supermarket chain bought into the ecommerce business in May 2015 for an undisclosed sum ; since then , Morris said the business has grown by 125 percent , with Woolworths ' buy in allowing Adore Beauty to invest in more stock , people , technology , and marketing . Morris was unable to disclose the details of the buy back or the process , but said she had no regrets about the decision to partner with Woolworths rather than going down the venture capital route two years ago . " We have been able to achieve the goals we set out to achieve in terms of business growth and improving the customer experience and for us , having much more impact on the beauty industry in general , " she said . " I found it a really valuable learning experience to work with these experienced retail professionals and I feel like we actually learned a huge amount from it ... to work with a big corporate like that and the amount of rigour and governance required , doing everything properly rather than the fast and loose way you 're used to as a startup , we were kind of at the stage where we needed that . " Moving forward independently , Morris said , will allow the business to explore new opportunities for growth . " There are some things that having a large , strategic investor can preclude or rule you out of a little bit and we felt it was best to be open to new opportunities going forward , " she said . A key opportunity is international growth . After announcing its big foray into China last year with the launch of a storefront on Alibaba 's Tmall platform last year , Adore Beauty quietly shut it down after six months and moved to Pitney Bowes solution Borderfree Retail , an end - to - end platform allowing global customers to access a localised version of a store . " In the interests of failing fast and failing cheap , we decided to put [ Tmall ] on hold , as we became aware quite quickly that it was going to require more time and resources than perhaps we were prepared to allocate to it , " Morris said . The company found that " some experiences are difficult to translate " , Morris said , with differences in the sophistication of shoppers as beauty consumers and which brands resonated , with Adore Beauty finding China a price - focused market . The Borderfree Retail platform will allow the company to test new markets and find what resonates , with English - speaking markets including New Zealand , Singapore , the US , and the UK responding well so far . The decision came as Adore Beauty 's Australian activity began to grow faster than it had projected . The company reports it has added 50,000 customers over the past six months and expanded its range to 12,000 products to include both professional and affordable brands . Morris said , " It 's beauty 's time in the sun . Consumers are embracing beauty as self expression in a way that maybe they were n't 10 years ago , and I think the whole category has good momentum . "
Pluto VR lets you talk to other people within virtual reality apps . ( Pluto VR Photo ) SP Pluto VR , the Seattle - based virtual reality startup co - founded by PopCap Games co - founder John Vechey , has raised $ 13.9 million in a Series A funding round . The company , which is developing applications for people to communicate within virtual reality , will use the cash infusion to continue research and development , roll out its alpha test to more customers and support additional platforms . Seattle - based Maveron led the round , with participation from Madrona Venture Group of Seattle , Trilogy Equity Partners of Bellevue and other individual investors . Maveron co - founder and General Partner , Dan Levitan , will join Pluto 's board of directors . Maveron , founded by Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz and Levitan in 1998 , has already backed three VR startups -- Virtuix , an active VR motion gaming platform ; VicariousVR , a connected VR social network ; and Against Gravity , a Seattle - based startup behind the hit VR game " Rec Room . " Anarghya Vardhana , a senior associate at Maveron , explained to GeekWire in February why the firm is so bullish about VR / AR . " We see this as a way in which people interact with the world around them ; with each other ; with entertainment ; with work , " she told GeekWire . " It 's going to be a big computing shift , just like we saw a computing shift with the personal computer and cell phone . " Pluto VR wants to be the application we use to talk to other people who are also wearing a virtual or augmented reality headset . The three - year - old Seattle startup is developing something like Skype or Facebook Messenger -- a communication app that can run on its own , or on top of other experiences -- but for virtual reality . " The purpose of Pluto is to help humanity transcend physical location , " Vechey said in a statement . " While digital technologies today allow us to connect instantly from anywhere in the world with text , voice or video , they are n't necessarily bringing us closer together . With Pluto , you 'll be able to connect with anyone anywhere , as if you were together in person . " GeekWire visited Pluto 's Seattle headquarters late last year and checked out its VR communication system . Pluto was a Seattle 10 company in 2015 , and it employs 17 people at its Ballard office , which was previously occupied by pet insurance company Trupanion . It 's much too large of a building for your typical 17-person startup , but it 's perfect for Pluto given the technology it is building . The extra space and individual offices allow the company to better test its software . From its own app control panel , Pluto lets you create your own avatar , control the opacity of each person , mute mics or make " calls " to other people without needing an avatar , and more . For now , Pluto only uses avatars that show faces and hand movements -- which are trackable with headsets and accompanying controllers . Vechey said the company has no immediate plans to release its product more broadly , and that Pluto VR is focused on getting the little things right with alpha customers and rolling out slowly .
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Since its launch in 2014 , transportation startup Faraday Future has been known mostly for stealth and mystery . At CES 2016 , the electric car maker rolled out its concept car , the FFZero1 . This year , the company returned to Las Vegas to unveil its first vehicle that will be available for purchase , the FF 91 -- which you can reserve now if you happen to have a spare $ 5,000 lying around . The company says that the battery - operated car has 12 sensors , 10 HD cameras and can go from zero to 60 mph in 2.39 seconds . It boasts features such as facial recognition , keyless entry , zero - gravity seats , high - speed internet and the ability to park itself . But that last one caused some trouble at Faraday 's big CES presentation this week . Halfway through the hour presentation , Hong Bae , Faraday Future 's director of ADAS ( advanced driving assistance systems ) and self - driving took to the stage to demonstrate the FF 91 's driverless valet feature , with a backdrop behind him that said " never worry about parking again . " " Imagine you have a very important meeting to go to and you are running late . You rush to the office and the parking lot looks full . You do n't have 10 , 15 minutes to look for a space , " Bae said , setting the scene . " Would n't it be great if you could just come out of the car , bring your phone out , activate self - parking and the vehicle starts driving itself and looking for a parking spot ? " In the parking lot , the car 's performance was a little plodding , but it successfully backed into the spot selected by John Jay Lee , the mayor of North Las Vegas who was on hand to help do the honors . However , the car 's big reveal onstage left a little to be desired . Jia Yueting , a Chinese billionaire who is Faraday 's main investor , drove up amid music and flashing lights . When Yueting hopped out of the car , Nick Sampson , the company 's senior vice president of research and development , prompted him to press the button that would initiate the car 's self - parking feature . And then nothing happened . SP The mishap was certainly embarrassing , especially given all the hype leading up to the big moment . Faraday has designs on rivaling Tesla , right down to poaching that company 's former employees . It also was in the news this fall when work had to be stopped on its $ 1 billion factory in Nevada ( though construction is slated to commence again this year ) . Sometimes glitches and mistakes happen , but the Faraday leaders remained composed , kept things moving and said what they wanted to say , even though the outcome was n't ideal . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
The 1st annual Columbus Startup Week Pitch Competition kicked off on May 8 , the first evening of the five - day entrepreneur celebration . The best of Columbus gathered on stage to present their pitches in competition for $ 50,000 in advertising prizes from sponsor Dispatch Media Group , as well as for the attention of media , investors , and customers . Pitch judges , according to the official site of the competition , included " top VCs and entrepreneurs looking for innovative companies to grow to the next level . " The names : Matt McDonough , of Drive Capital ; Brian Zuercher , of SEEN ; Craig Chambers , the head of Office of Small Business and Entrepreneurship for the State of Ohio ; Erica Conroy , Ph.D. , Director of New Product Development at CoverMyMeds ; and Stefphanie Harper , Chief Marketing Officer of the City of Columbus . While 40 startups applied , a total of six finalists were chosen to offer their pitches , which they gave following the Opening Night Happy Hour presented by Chase for Business . Here 's a look at all six . But first , let 's see who came out on top : CleanTurn Enterprises , a social entrepreneurship company , took home the grand prize of an advertising campaign worth $ 25,000 . CleanTurn 's mission is to : " Strengthen communities with an empowered workforce by creating profitable social enterprises . " They currently operate three brands -- CleanTurn Demolition Services , SHAN Cleaning Services , and Passion Purpose Profit -- but cite their primary purpose as " creating the platform for individuals to realize their potential as human beings . " The second place winner of a $ 15,000 ad campaign was the startup Aunt Flow , a tampon subscription box service that donates a box of tampons to those in need for each box bought . Thanks to general squeamishness , the need for tampons often goes unaddressed , but the startup estimates that 26.4 million living in poverty in the United States have to choose between food and tampons . Grypshon nabbed the third place prize for an ad campaign worth $ 10,000 , thanks to the products it creates , which rely on their high friction surfaces to hold tools while at work . Other great startups that pitched at the event include Healthy Roster , an injury documentation tool that aids athletic trainers in outreach , and Med - Compliance - IQ , a company that simplifies the process of treating chronic wounds , allowing patients to track their conditions on their smartphones . Similarly , Auditgraph helps streamline the medical process , as it provides innovative labeling solutions for the life sciences industry . In all , the competition presented a wide variety of socially conscious profit - driven startups , all working towards the same goal : Making the world a better place . Congrats to all the winners and finalists ! Read more about startups in Ohio at Tech . Co This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series .
The entrepreneurs in the Techstars NYC program are going to spend today meeting with investors , reporters and other folks from the tech industry -- but luckily , I had a chance to do rapid - fire interviews with most of them on Tuesday . Though Techstars may be increasingly known for the industry - focused startup accelerators it creates with companies like Comcast and Target , it still runs broader " city programs " -- including Techstars NYC , which this winter included startups working on everything from display technology to disappearing tattoos . Ten - minute interviews are n't exactly enough time to make me an expert in any of these subject areas , but they do provide a little more opportunity for in - depth discussion than a quick on - stage presentation ( uh , not that we have anything against those ) . Here 's an alphabetical rundown of the companies I talked to and what I learned about them . Related Articles Infinit t launches a startup lab in Toronto to focus on IoT and smart cities Techstars launches a new program in Paris at the Partech Shaker The top 8 companies from Y Combinator W17 Demo Day 2 SP In addition to those 11 startups , there are three more that I did n't get a chance to meet . In the interest of completeness ( and not making anyone feel too left out ) , here are brief descriptions provided by the companies themselves .
Pictures can be worth a thousand words - and occasionally a lot of money too . For an architect or design firm , selling the perfect design is at the heart of the industry , regardless of whether the showcasing images are simulated from computer software or photographed with the most aesthetically pleasing lighting . Developing a business - to - business ( B2B ) marketplace to help architects sell their imagery to product suppliers is Sydney - startup Bookmarc , an online platform slated to enter the market at the end of the month . Bookmarc allows architects to earn cash by " tagging " a supplier 's product featured within their design , or alternatively sell their work to a product supplier , who can input their product range into an architect 's photo to later use for marketing purposes . Looking to fill gaps felt by the two industries , Bookmarc 's marketplace means product suppliers are able to access an affordable and sizeable portfolio of professional work to digitally impose their products into , which can help get that perfect catalogue or Facebook photo . Meanwhile , design firms and architects are able to protect their work behind a secure marketplace , earn cash for tagging products , or sell their designs entirely . Helen Awali , the startup 's founder , who had previously product marketing agency Specix , said developing Bookmarc meant bringing these two spaces together . " Architects need somewhere to market their service and attract business . Then we have product suppliers like Bluescope that need photo imagery of where their products are used in projects , and they actually do n't have any , " said Awali . Bookmarc did n't start out as a B2B marketplace , but rather a cloud - based product library for product suppliers , allowing them to upload their project files , such as images and CAD files of their products , for architects to use in their designs . That was back in 2013 , but it was last year that Awali decided she had gathered enough feedback from her audience to pivot in the new direction . " I realised early on for these [ architects ] in the commercial space , there 's not a lot of marketing platforms out there , like a Pinterest , that allow them to showcase what they 're doing and put their name out there . On the flip side , through our product library , product suppliers would ask , how do we get more engagement using images ? They either did n't have access to any , or they 'd have to render their products into an image they grab from Google [ without copyright permission ] , " said Awali . While these firms were completing designs , according to Awali , there was n't any central online solution to incentivise the architects to sell or monetise their work beyond the traditional means of completing projects for a client . Bookmarc is a way to " open " this additional avenue up . With Bookmarc 's old model growing through word of mouth , Awali said design firms began contacting the business to ask what the benefit of the platform could be for them beyond downloading project files from product suppliers , and if they would be able to monetise their work . Previously , designs of an architect 's that were n't tied to a project were uploaded as a free online portfolio , meaning anyone could gain access . Looking help validate the idea , Bookmarc opened up to architects last year , allowing them to upload their work . The move was met with a strong response over the year , with Awali saying the business onboarded roughly 1500 design firms across Australia , Europe , and the US . " They could create a portfolio and tag in product suppliers . They were n't sure why they were doing it yet , but it gave us a lot of information about what we were doing and the direction we needed to go , " said Awali . To help fund the pivot , Awali looked to Springboard Enterprises Australia , the US - founded accelerator focused on female entrepreneurs . Awali said she wanted to understand how to pitch for capital , where to access it , and gain exposure to the US market through Springboard 's hefty US network . " The US is one of our biggest target markets with all the architecture design firms there , " she said . Participating in this year 's cohort , Awali is now coming up to the end of the four - month program , which wraps up with a final pitch to a crowd of US and local VCs . " Even though the program only goes for four months ... you get a coaching team to look over your pitch deck , your revenue , and you get to network . I think , as women sometimes as well , we 're not as confident , so they really instill that into you , " she said . Once in market , Bookmarc 's new model will work by having product suppliers verify each product tag an architect pins in their design . If verified , the architect will be able to earn revenue off the tag . Looking ahead , Awali said the model used by Bookmarc could have opportunities in other industries too which hold similar issues to design firms and product suppliers , although the focus for the meantime will be on getting the platform into market and expanding revenue sources .
As part of our weekly spotlight series , we 'll be shouting out the most notable startups of the week . There is so much innovation going on that we want to spread the word and keep readers involved . From tech - driven baby food to wristbands that understand your emotional well - being , there is such a diversity of ideas in tech startups , so let 's take full advantage of it . Little Spoon is a tech - driven baby food company offering the most nutritious and well - sourced food on the market . Co - founded by female entrepreneurs Michelle Muller and Lisa Barnett , Little Spoon sought to give parents who care about farm - to - table a viable solution to their problem of what to feed their kids . Barnett was recognized as a Forbed 30 Under 30 VC this year and spent time as a Partner at Sherpa Foundry and as an investor at VC firms Maveron and Dorm Room Fund . Muller has specialized knowledge in the baby food market , also founding Petit Organics , a local fresh baby food delivery service in the United States . Levitating X is a collection of gravity defying decor including modern dining pieces , elegant works of art and vases , and leather pillows to showcase high - class timepieces and jewelry . SP The objects levitate and can rotate using special electromagnetic technology . Travis the Translator is a revolutionary gadget that allows you to speak to almost anyone in the world and be able to understand them , despite a language barrier . Travis breaks these boundaries by translating on the spot in over 80 languages . Travis also gets better with time , learning how you speak and adapting . Feel is a high - tech wristband that measures bio - signals and gives users an analysis their emotional well - being . And gives them recommendations as to how to improve it . The sensors on the wristband measure electrodermal activity , blood volume pulse and skin temperature , and Feel 's special algorithms takes that information and makes sense of it altogether . Cellcontrol is a technology focused on stopping distracted drivers from using their phone while driving on the road . The app will notice when you are in the car and driving and will prevent you from being able to access your phone to take selfies , play games , or text your friends . It can be used in business situations with employees who are on the road as well . Read more about burgeoning startups here on Tech . Co
MIT spinout startup Humanyze supplies biometric badges and accompanying software to companies wanting to track their staff . The five - year - old company is starting to make inroads into the UK market . Techworld spoke to the CEO Ben Waber about what organisations can learn about their staff using biometric tracking , and how to deal with the privacy concerns raised . Humanyze badges look like a normal employee ID badge but are equipped with radio - frequency identification ( RFID ) and near field communication ( NFC ) sensors , bluetooth for proximity sensing , infrared to detect face to face interaction , an accelerometer and two microphones . SP The badges ' talk ' to beacons set up around the office to detect proximity . The microphones , which seem inescapably creepy , " do n't record what you say but [ the microphones perform ] voice processing , " Waber explained . " So how much you talk , do you dominate conversations ? Tone , volume , speed . " Waber says all the data is processed in real time and nothing is recorded . It is processed in the cloud and distributed to the relevant employee and managers get an aggregated , anonymised view of their teams . The company combines this physical world data with data from work systems ( primarily Microsoft ) to pull calendar and email usage data ( not content , it says ) . By combining digital communications data with data from the physical world managers can use Humanyze dashboards to get a " holistic view of what goes on in the company " , Waber says . Managers can start to see how they spread their time between people , how different teams talk to one another , if meetings are inclusive enough and how cohesive groups are . Waber says that managers can use this aggregated data to see " what top performers do that others do n't ? You can test how you manage the business , A / B test different [ office ] layouts before implementing them . " Waber says the overall aim is " quantifying the value of employees having coffee together in the age of of working from home . " Employees can also access their own personal dashboards to see " what you do , how you compare to the team average . If you want a different role you can look at what they do . You can start to see how you compare , so benchmarking within your company , " he said . Concerns over workplace monitoring and biometrics came to a head last year when Daily Telegraph journalists objected to their desk time being monitored . The main issue here was around consent . According to Buzzfeed the staff were not asked for consent to be monitored at their desk and only discovered what the devices were after " googling the brand name and discovered they were wireless motion detectors produced by a company called OccupEye that monitor whether individuals are using their desks " . In the UK , Citizens Advice states : " Your employer can legally monitor your use of the phone , internet , email or fax in the workplace if : the monitoring relates to the business ; the equipment being monitored is provided partly or wholly for work ; and your employer has made all reasonable efforts to inform you that your communications will be monitored . " However , " some employers monitor their workers without informing them that this is happening , for example , by use of hidden cameras or audio devices . This is very rarely legal . " Waber says that he thinks these sorts of laws and regulations are out of step with this next phase of physical , biometric tracking in the workplace though . " You need government regulation on this to ensure that people opt in for this stuff , " he said . Waber is naturally keen to avoid this kind of reaction to his technology . So , when an organisation contracts Humanyze they will come into the office to brief staff on how the system works and what is , and is n't , recorded . Everyone signs a disclaimer and there is no obligation to take part . When asked if not taking part could be damaging from a career perspective , in other words , that by even asking employees to take part you are applying implicit pressure , Waber did n't miss a beat : " If you tried to force people you would have a negative impact on the workforce that counteracts any positive effect the tech has , " he said . Furthermore , employees that do n't want to participate can wear a " fake " badge , however he says that generally Humanyze gets 90 percent participation , " so we are generally quite good at communicating the value of this and make sure we do it the right way , " he said . Transparency will be key to adoption of this sort of technology . Waber is unhappy with the tabloid ( and broadsheet ) press coverage Humanyze has been getting in the UK so far , where they tend to exaggerate the privacy concerns . For example , a piece by The Mirror about the company leads with the entirely misleading headline : " Your boss could track you day AND night using new smart technology . " Waber laughed off the headlines , saying that being able to track employees day and night would not only be wrong on a moral level -- " from a privacy perspective it is the wrong thing to do , " he said -- but on a business level too . As he said , trust is vital to Humanyze when it comes to attracting new customers . " Any potential value of that information would be dwarfed by the legitimate negative reaction that people would have , " he explained . In terms of the UK market Waber admits that uptake has been slower than in the US and Japan but he is " seeing uptake in healthcare and financial services " . However he would n't be pushed on which companies are using its services .
If you want to have any hope of achieving lasting success as an entrepreneur , you will need to use digital marketing to grow and expand your startup . Although you will come across a range of online marketing platforms that you can use , not all of them will offer the same results . You will always need to test different things to see what path makes sense for you . As you move forward , you will find that most of these strategies work well together , and that is what makes them so powerful . At the start , people wo n't have any reason to trust you , your products or your services . Because a lot of entrepreneurs have turned to the internet to improve their sales , many platforms have become saturated . Without a way to stand out , you will quickly get left behind , but content marketing is an effective way to combat that problem . Rather than going for the sale right away , offer articles and videos that teach your prospects useful information . If the content with which you provide them can benefit their lives , they will start to trust you , increasing the odds of them buying from you . Social media outlets are a fantastic resource for anyone who wants to grow a business online . Allowing you to target your advertisements based on age , interests , spending habits and more , you can get your message in front of the right audience with ease . Always check for feedback to see how well people respond to your posts ; Facebook and other social media platforms will reward you by reducing the cost of your ads if people enjoy your content . Not only will showing up on the No . 1 page of the search results give you targeted traffic , but it will also improve your credibility ; consumers trust organic results more than paid listings . You will first need to do keyword research to find the right terms and phrases to target . Next , craft engaging content on your website that focuses on the keywords for which you want to rank . In addition to publishing compelling content , using title tags , increasing your website 's loading speed and building internal links are vital onsite SEO steps that you wo n't want to overlook . If you ignore the advantages with which email marketing can provide you , your bottom line will suffer more than you think . People wo n't always buy from you when they visit your sales page for the first time , but you can compel them to join your mailing list by offering an incentive , such as a free video , report or class . You will know that the people who join are interested in your offer , and you can continue to provide them with helpful tips . No matter what you give to your prospects , it should add value to their lives even if they never buy anything from you . Also , you can use email marketing to offer limited discounts whenever you need a quick boost in sales . With guest blogging , you can take advantage of audiences that other influencers have established . Those who run large blogs will often have trouble keeping up with the demand for fresh content , and that is where you come into play . In exchange for offering compelling blog posts , the owner of the blog will place a link back to your website . Some people try to approach influencers without taking the time to interact with their communities , which is a mistake that you must avoid . Always put in the effort to reply to blog posts and comments to build a positive reputation among the existing audience . Once you become a familiar name , you will be ready to approach the owner of the blog with your guest post idea . If something about your startup is worthy of attention , you can use press releases to get your message in front of a lot of people . A press release company will send your story to several news outlets , which can generate plenty of engagement . Even though growing a business can be a challenge , following the right path will allow you to enjoy impressive results . Improved sales and enhanced profitability are what you can expect if you stay on track , and you will be able to take your startup to the next level .
Having to decide what you 're having for supper after a long day at work is an absolute pain . With the majority of people not being professional chefs , going through the hassle of choosing a nice restaurant and then gawking at the bill afterwards is an expensive endeavour . While the South African startup tech scene sees numerous fintech , edtech , and agritech companies launching each year , it 's not often we see companies based around food . Popping up this month , Gutsy Green is a startup that 's aiming to help SA families and couples cook pre - planned restaurant - style food . Ventureburn had a chance to speak to one of its co - founders , Kyle Moore , about the new startup and what it brings to the table . The idea is a simplistic one : an online ' store ' where customers can order a gourmet meal in advance , and then have it delivered with all of the ingredients and instructions on how to create it . It 's true that the idea is n't new , even to the local market with the likes of UCOOK , Daily Dish , and DayToDay , though Kyle is confident the startup has enough to set the company apart from the competition . Besides the presentation that goes into each meal package , which Gutsy Green sees as a core part of their offering , Moore says that something else sets the company apart : " Our prices . Our prices are cheaper than all of the competition in SA . Coupled with a higher quality product and cheaper pricing than our competition , these are our two clear differences . We are able to do this through the profits of our other company . " Gutsy Green was co - founded by Kyle and his wife , Carla - Mari Moore , who is the chef out of the two of them . She completed a BA Humanities degree at Stellenbosch and an International Chefs degree from SACA . Since then , Carla - Mari was head chef at several well - known Cape Town restaurants and opened Gutsy Tutoring with Kyle . The pair self - funded the startup from the Gutsy Tutoring profits . Launching Gutsy Green has been a long process . The initial idea came about in April 2016 , and besides finding the right offices and warehouse for expansion , the tech behind the company was a problem . Read more : Smorgasbord is the food startup incubator you ' ve been waiting for " One of the hardest parts was the website and to get everything fully functional without any coding experience . This included secured online payments and subscriptions . Juggling time and finding the time between the two businesses was a big one . We learnt to get managers in very quickly in the tutoring business so we could put time into Gutsy Green . " For now , the startup will offer classic , low - carb ( and banting ) , as well as vegetarian options for their meals . Each week , Gutsy Green creates 11 new recipes , which consists of four classic , four low - carb , and three vegetarian selections . The system works by allowing low - carb customers to select any of the 11 recipes . " If you do n't feel like choosing your recipes , we will deliver the pre - selected recipes based on the meal plan you have chosen . If you choose Veg Menu , we will send you only these recipes , " though Kyle adds that customers wo n't be able to substitute vegetation options . Carla - Mari is the one who creates all of the meal options for the customers . " The dishes are created and decided by our chef Carla . She gets inspired by various magazines , TV shows , high profile chefs and then creates her own spin on things . Carla likes to create her own recipes based on the seasonal ingredients in SA so expect some magical recipes . " When Ventureburn ask about more diet options , such as Halaal or gluten - free options , Kyle said there were not immediate plans for them . " If there is demand for the above then we will consider it . We are however planning to launch a bachelor 's / solo box for all the single professionals out there . " When asked about expansion , aside from soon launching in Johannesburg and Pretoria , Kyle said : " There are a few plans in the pipeline this year . We will be updating you on them soon . " Cape Town is known for its after - work cocktails , nights out , and food all - around . It will be interesting to see how Gutsy Green not only competes with its direct competition , but customer mindsets as well .
Sydney - based on - demand photography startup Snappr has announced today its expansion into the US with the opening of a San Francisco office and backing from US seed accelerator , YCombinator ( YC ) . SP Taking part in the program 's first 2017 batch , Snappr has received US$ 120,000 in funding from YC , forming part of an AU$1.1 million round the business has accumulated over the past six months . Snappr 's cofounder , Matt Schiller , said that getting the backing of YC and expanding into the US market has been a goal for the business since launching mid last year , adding that they had seen strong demand in the market for the service . SP " Even before launching here , the demand for what we do was palpable . We ' ve had many requests to offer services in the US , after over 50,000 users globally made use of our free photo analyser tool last month , " said Schiller . Helmed by Schiller and cofounder Ed Kearney , Snappr aims to mend the " fragmented " photography industry , by providing a simple and affordable way for customers to book a photoshoot . SP The platform matches customers with suitable , pre - vetted photographers for occasions such as weddings , graduations and events , based on their search preferences . SP The startup 's photo analyser tool uses machine learning and image recognition to rate a user 's LinkedIn profile picture . SP Along with its expansion and funding , the business has launched today an updated version of its core platform into the US , which sees the tweaking of a few key features . SP Speaking to Startup Daily , Schiller said the Snappr algorithm has been re - worked to provide customers with accurate and simplified search results . " From now on when you book through Snappr you 'll get a match of two or three of the best photographers that are the best match for you , " said Schiller . Prior , users would be instantly matches with a photographer based on their search . Schiller believes that this , combined with the fact Snappr vets and accepts onto the platform the top five percent of photographers applying , will ensure consumers get the right match . SP The feature will be in pilot to the end of the month , with Schiller saying the feature will come down under thereafter . SP Alongside this change , Snappr is also increasing its on - demand potential by allowing users to book a photographer with an hour 's notice , down from 24 hours when it first launched . SP " We open up professional photography to so many more customers this way . And although we all have camera phones in our pocket , at Snappr we see that professional photography really remains only in reach of the elite , " he said . Despite the expansion into the US , Schiller said Australia will remain the " core " of the startup 's operation . SP " I think longer term we very much plan to have a foot in both camps and really have the best of both worlds , " he said . SP With the YC backing , the startup holds the firm 's president , Sam Altman , as one of its key advisors , Altman saying that investing in Snappr reflects the company 's 2017 aim to support startups outside the US .
When a bartender pours too much liquor in a drink , or someone slips away with a bottle , it can take a toll on a drinking establishment 's bottom line . So Nectar Labs has come up with a solution : the connected pourer and stopper . It uses ultrasound technology and a software platform to precisely measure how much alcohol is left in a given bottle for automating inventory , managing shrinkage ( theft or loss ) and self - replenishing . Nectar says it literally puts a cap on the multi - billion dollar lost revenue crisis that impacts any business with a bar . The Distilled Spirits Council trade group estimates that the bar business is worth $ 200 billion a year worldwide , and shrinkage is as much as $ 50 billion a year . For $ 300 a month , Nectar supplies the hardware and an app to help companies enforce rules against " heavy pours . " The platform is live and is managing more than 100,000 live pours in the W Hotel in Miami and Dosa Restaurant in San Francisco . The company invested more than 50,000 hours of research and development time into the product , which includes more than 2.5 million pours using custom robotic arms in its lab to test for accuracy and durability . ( Yes , somebody has been doing a lot of drinking ) . " Nectar has delivered powerful insights that were impossible to identify before , said Anjan Mitra , owner of Dosa restaurant , in a statement . " These have dramatically improved our operations , ranging from 24/7 inventory management to one - touch ordering , so our bar managers do n't work after hours to keep in - demand liquor in stock . Instead , they can focus on delivering the best possible guest experience and creating amazing cocktails . " Above : Nectar Labs ' app keeps track of what has been poured . The Nectar cap transfers data wirelessly to an app via Bluetooth . Nectar 's caps and associated platform are designed to seamlessly fit a ba0r 's current operation . The pourer and stopper continuously communicates with the app , keeping track of inventory in real time . When a bottle is finished and replaced , Nectar automatically depletes it from inventory , and when inventory is running low , orders can be placed directly with distributors . That saves bar managers time and money so they can focus on customer experience instead of the stock room . " Nectar is doing for alcohol consumption data what Google did for click - through data . By bringing disciplined metrics to a previously unmeasured space , Nectar is closing the massive information gap to make the bar industry more intelligent and efficient , " said Aayush Phumbhra , cofounder and CEO of Nectar , in a statement . " With sell - through data available in real time , and self - replenishment a reality , Nectar will improve the unit economics of the industry . " Phumbhra and cofounder Prabhanjan " PJ " Gurumohan , chief operating officer , have more than 20 years of consumer experience . " Until now , precise inventory control and management have been guesswork . It 's insanely difficult to track how much bars and restaurants serve -- and lose -- on a given night , let alone over a month or a year , " said Gurumohan , in a statement . " Nectar 's technology tackles this global , multi - billion dollar problem by seamlessly integrating into a bar 's existing operations . It 's accurate , non - invasive , and does n't force the bartender to change how they do their job . " Phumbhra cofounded Chegg , the disruptive solution to expensive textbook purchases , and evolved the company from a boot - strapped startup to a multi - million dollar publicly traded digital learning platform . Gurumohan was the cofounder and CEO of Genwi , one of the largest cloud publishing solutions , and one which is used by more than 1,500 customers , including Conde Nast , Forbes , and PBS . Nectar is currently taking orders for future shipments of its connected pourers and stoppers . The company was founded in 2014 , and its investors include Palantir cofounder and venture capitalist Joe Lonsdale ; Eclipse founder Lior Susan ; founder of Streamlined Ventures , Ullas Naik ; and others . The company has under 20 employees .
Techstars has announced that they 're opening applications for the 2017 class of Techstars Retail in partnership with Target . You can apply online , and applications are open through April 9th and the program starts in July . In case you missed it , the first year of the Techstars Retail accelerator was a massive success . They had 11 startups from all over the world descend upon Minneapolis for the summer . SP They received mentorship throughout the program from Target 's senior leadership , successful retail - tech entrepreneurs , and investors from across the country . Their Demo Day was an incredibly exciting event that saw almost 1,000 investors , mentors , Target team members , and supporters from all over the Twin Cities startup community show up and support our companies . Here are some highlights of what was accomplished by our startups during the program : Since the program has wrapped up , Techstars companies have already collectively raised almost $ 15 M , with another $ 5 M to $ 10 M coming soon . Stay tuned , as many more partnerships and deals are in the works to be announced this year . For 2017 , Techstars expects to once again find the top retail tech startups from around the world and welcome them to Minneapolis for the summer to their beautiful working space located , literally , within Target HQ . Have a disruptive retail technology startup ? SP SP Techstars will be visiting New York City , Cincinnati , Toronto , Waterloo , Seattle , Portland , Miami , Austin , Washington DC , Boulder / Denver , San Francisco and Los Angeles to discuss our program . Simply send an email here to coordinate . All in all , it was an incredibly successful first program and we are already looking forward to the next ! Apply today ! SP Photo : Flickr / Mike Mozart SP This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
SP Cyril Ebersweiler Contributor SP Cyril Ebersweiler is the founder and managing partner of Hax , the Shenzhen and SF - based hardware startup accelerator . SP More posts by this contributor : SP Build your brand , and they will come The State Of Robotics For 2015 SP Benjamin Joffe Contributor SP Benjamin Joffe is a partner with Hax , the Shenzhen and SF - based hardware startup accelerator . SP More posts by this contributor : SP The rise of " Generation Health " The six people you meet in Shenzhen SP Cyril Ebersweiler is the founder and managing partner of Hax , the Shenzhen and SF - based hardware startup accelerator . SP Benjamin Joffe is a partner with Hax , the Shenzhen and SF - based hardware startup accelerator . SP More than two years ago we wrote about what we learned from the 20 campaigns our startups had run . Fast - forward to 2017 : The B2C startups HAX has invested in now count more than 75 successful campaigns ( our 200-strong portfolio is about half B2C ) . Ninety percent raised more than $ 100,000 and 10 raised more than $ 1 million , putting them in the world 's top 100 . Those include the top campaigns from Canada , Australia and France . All this was done by pre - seed startups on very short time frames -- so either they were very lucky , or we understood a thing or two ! Now here is what you need to know to succeed in 2017 . Crowdfunding is not limited anymore to cheap consumer gadgets ( if it ever was ) . In fact , simple gadgets that do well , like the Fidget Cube , which raised close to $ 6.5 million , could be copied even before they ship ( the quality of the copies -- though made before the original -- are in question , but still ) . HAX experience : As investors , we decided to focus on " hard things " and helping startups move fast . WAZER raised $ 1.3 million for its $ 5,000 desktop waterjet cutter , and Lief Therapeutics collected $ 400,000 for its smart patch to fight stress ( closer to a medical device than a mass - market gadget ! ) With a few rare exceptions , our startups haven't really suffered from copycats SP Makeblock , a Shenzhen - based startup from the first HAX program that makes innovative STEM robots , did face some . Its founder , Jasen Wang , tells us : " Copycats only mimicked part of the hardware . They lack skills in software development and ca n't deliver a good user experience . " While Jasen adds that large companies generally wo n't dare do a straight copy to avoid damaging their reputation , they can definitely get " inspired " -- like LG might have been with the AI assistant Jibo . Once your idea is visible -- and a Kickstarter hit is -- if you do n't ship first , someone else will . Takeaway : If you want to build a startup , do something hard and move fast . If you worry about protecting your product from copycats , read this . If it 's successful and easy to copy , it will be Even well - funded hits like Kreyos ( Indiegogo , $ 1.5 million ) , Zano ( Kickstarter , PS2.3 million ) or , more recently , Lily Robotics , fail to deliver because of technology or manufacturing . Do n't crowdfund if critical elements of your tech are not ready . Or , if you do , make very clear what works and what does n't to give your backers a proper view of the risks . For manufacturing , understand your costs and research manufacturing processes and suppliers before you go live . HAX experience : There is a reason HAX startups spend a minimum of three months in Shenzhen with us before crowdfunding : Alibaba.com or a " shotgun wedding " over a rushed trip to Shenzhen will probably not solve your problems . The founders of WAZER , the first desktop waterjet cutter , raised $ 1.3 million on Kickstarter , but decided to postpone their campaign to finalize one more prototype iteration after the HAX program to ensure they were confident about their technology . They went on to do live demos at NY Maker Faire . Takeaway : De - risk your tech and cost your manufacturing before crowdfunding . WAZER collecting ribbons at Maker Faire NYC : The proof is in the cutting ! ( Source : WAZER ) The time of just putting a page online is pretty much over . Having a well - produced video and good illustrations are mandatory today . Illustrations might only cost tens to hundreds of dollars , but video work tends to range between $ 5,000 ( with freelancers and small shops ) to $ 10,000 or more ( with bigger productions ) . Most HAX videos were done on a $ 5,000-$10,000 budget . Keep the video focused on the product and avoid distracting story lines . HAX experience : Jamie Grant , creator of the " digital ski coach " Carv , the top - ranking sports wearable on Kickstarter , says : " I analyzed a lot of campaigns in the same category ( good and bad ) and noted their pros and cons . I got the key value proposition straight up , and then the rest of the video added features . I went for a two - part approach . The first is like a commercial , then we have a separate section with the founders . " Takeaway : Do n't splurge , but budget enough . Your video will be your main promotion tool . Media coverage helps achieve the typical " L " shape ( with serif ) and more rarely " U " shape . Because of overconfident or unscrupulous creators , journalists have been burned too many times . Most recently , Lily Robotics faked the video of its selfie drone and is now under criminal investigation . Today , journalists will often want to see a live demo of your technology before covering it . Should you DIY or hire a PR specialist ? Those services can cost thousands of dollars , are very hit or miss and results vary widely with the product , so evaluate your options carefully . Regardless , your demo should be flawless . Here is some sound advice on how to crush a hardware demo . Note that trade shows in your industry -- Toy Show , Home Show , Snow Show , etc . -- are often better than broader startup events and general media . You will stand out in front of the right media there . HAX experience : Our startups have tried everything from email blasts to journalists , targeted intros and trade shows . Find the right fit ; your mileage may vary . Takeaway : Reach a " minimum viable credibility " to ensure coverage . Even a strong endorsement might not suffice to have journalists believe you While traditional media is getting conservative , a flurry of viral video channels have appeared . ViralThread , NowThis , Futurism , etc . They love innovative products , and Kickstarter campaigns are prime material for them . They will generally repurpose your video into a 30-seconds clip with bold text overlay for maximum readability . A campaign going viral can evolve from an L or U shape to a " double L " or and " LU . " HAX experience : Various HAX projects , like Octopus , the icon - based watch for kids , got picked up and received millions of views , leading to hundreds of thousands of dollars in new backers . Some channels now have paid options , but results from this have been inconsistent in terms of ROI . Takeaway : Viral channels have grown . Either be lucky , or try to reach out . NowThis picked up the Octopus video ( Source : Kicktraq ) Ads are effective , especially Facebook ads and retargeting with Google AdWords . They work best once your campaign is funded and shows momentum . Because most products take months to ship , this is an important marketing channel to master . If you do n't have time to learn it at first , some specialists can help . Using advertising lifts the rising part of the " U " shape much earlier than for the usual rush in the final days . HAX experience : While our startups only looked seriously into ads about a year ago , some of them have doubled their funding thanks to advertising , with a positive ROI ( i.e. for $ 1 spent they get at least $ 3 or $ 4 , sometimes up to $ 10 -- covering the product costs and generating some profit ) . Takeaway : Ads work ; use them once your campaign has momentum . Revols ramped up ads ( Source : Kicktraq ) Having a community to support your campaign is great . If you haven't been doing it for a while , Facebook ads and good SEO might be your friends . The founder of the smart alarm clock Kello , which raised $ 322,000 on Kickstarter , optimized for both and launched with 10,000 sign - ups , to whom he had asked " How did you wake up today ? , " then " What excites you most about Kello ? " This not only engaged enthusiasts , but helped rank features and refine messaging prior to the launch . Indeed , 700 backed the project in the first two hours , clearing the funding goal . Half of the total funding was collected in the first three days . If your budget is limited , or in addition to gathering your own followers , you can try to leverage " Other People 's Communities . " Online forums , YouTube channels , mommy bloggers , makers , celebrities , cross - promotions with other Kickstarter projects ... the channel and type of community depends on your product . HAX experience : While some of our startups gathered thousands of emails pre - campaign , the conversion rate is often less than 5 percent . With 10,000 emails , that means 500 backers . If your product costs $ 100 , that 's a mere $ 50,000 . Not bad , but not a home run , either . Prynt , which makes a printer case for smartphones , was lucky to have a demo video go viral pre - campaign and gathered more than 60,000 signups . It boosted their launch tremendously . WAZER showed their prototype in various maker events at TechShop , Maker Faire and more . They also created some entertaining videos pre - campaign -- like cutting China out of china and making a batarang -- SP which helped their launch , as well . Takeaway : A community helps launch your campaign strongly , but you might need extra hands to support it . Prynt leveraged their community for a strong launch ( Source : Kicktraq ) Do n't think the effort stops once you have some initial media coverage . You must make sure backers stick with you , find ways to generate new stories , do some marketing , nurture your community to increase conversions and motivate existing backers to recruit more . Plan for it ! HAX experience : Revols , which makes instant custom - fit earphones , had a full - time person and their campaign ran smoothly , carrying them to $ 2.5 million ( the largest from Canada ) . For Vue , which makes " everyday smart glasses , " all three founders were supporting the campaign during its run , which ended at $ 2.2 million . Despite their great result at $ 1.3 million , WAZER was n't well - prepared to support the campaign post - launch and had to forego some marketing and PR opportunities . You can find this reflected in their campaign data . Takeaway : Get better results and stay sane by having one or more persons dedicated to your campaign . Vue founders dedicated their time fully to the campaign and had a strong finish ( Source : Kicktraq ) Your audience might not be there . Or your product might be something people need to try first . Some product categories , like audio , have done well consistently , but a million - dollar campaign is a rare enough event ( less than 1 percent of all tech campaigns ) to make it hard to predict . HAX experience : We thought some campaigns , like Darma 's " inactivity tracker , " would reach a million , while the founders of Kokoon , which makes headphones for sleep , were hoping to reach $ 250,000 . In both cases , the founders ( and us ) were surprised . Takeaway : A million - dollar campaign is a rare event . Do n't be disappointed ! Not every project is a sustainable or scalable business . Most of the 3D printers that crowdfunded over the past years are likely unable to finance a second production run -- if they even delivered on the first . They are also unlikely to get funding as the technology is now largely commoditized , at least for " Makerbot - type " FDM . If you 're building a startup , crowdfunding should be a tactic to get visibility , gather feedback , identify new customer segments , test your message and possibly fund development , not the whole strategy of the company . Million - dollar campaign or not , smart investors will look at your team , technology and market at least as much as at your crowdfunding result . HAX experience : Remember Makeblock ? The STEM robotics startup raised a modest $ 185,000 in their first campaign in January 2013 . It is worth noting that despite their scale -- Makeblock nowadays employs more than 200 staff -- they keep using Kickstarter to launch new products . They have now used Kickstarter five times successfully , for a total or more than $ 1.6 million . Their latest project , a modular STEM drone , raised $ 830,000 in December 2016 . Takeaway : Kickstarter can be a boost to your finances and credibility , but do n't make it your Plan A. SP What is a crowdfunding success ? In our eyes , it is not a million - dollar campaign . It is using shipping a product successfully and preparing your company for the next steps of growth , toward profitability . The next steps -- which might require venture funding or not -- could include online and offline retail ( our Growth program in San Francisco is designed to help with that ) , developing the next version of your product or a totally new one . CHIP , the $ 9 computer , was born out of the need the team had for their hackable GIF camera . The latter raised a mere $ 70,000 , the former raised more than $ 2 million and has now shipped more than 100,000 units . Before you ship , it is an idea . Before profit , it is an experiment . Build a profitable company -- it will set you free .
Life science startups in the North of England take note -- the deadline is fast - approaching to take advantage of a PS500,000 accelerator fund that could transform their businesses . Startups only have until 31 January 2017 to apply to the North of England Life Science Accelerator ( NELSA ) . Set - up by a group including science park operator Manchester Science Partnerships , bioscience incubation centre BioCity , investment firms Catapult Ventures and Alderley Park Ventures ( APV ) , university collaboration N8 Research Partnership and the Northern Health Science Alliance ( NHSA ) , the accelerator will be anchored at Alderley Park 's BioHub . NELSA will aim to support young life science businesses across the north by providing seed funding for up to 10 early - stage commercialisation projects for a maximum of 12 months . The funding will enable businesses to carry out proof - of - concept research and eligible firms will also be offered business support such as workshops , coaching and access to mentors . Further , companies will be given access to the facilities and equipment at the internationally - renowned Alderley Park site . Competition for the accelerator funds is bound to be fierce and to be eligible , startups must work in the fields of life sciences and healthcare , covering areas such as diagnostics , therapeutics , devices and digital . All accelerator applications must be submitted by 31 January 2017 . Helen Philippou , a University of Leeds professor of translational medicine , recommended the program . She said , " I completed the BioHub Accelerator programme in Spring 2016 . Through the customer discovery process and access to amazing support from members of the Expert Network , my understanding of the clinical potential of my product was transformed . " The programme provided an invaluable introduction to the commercial environment and the drug development process . I whole heartily recommend it . " Ned Wakeman , the director of BioCity , which manages Alderley Park 's BioHub , added , " BioCity 's programmes have already proven highly successful in supporting the creation and growth of successful life science companies . " Joining forces with great innovation originating from within N8 Research Partnership , combined with clinical access and validation from within NHSA and funding , will help promising life sciences businesses bring great ideas to commercial reality . " Alderley Park is the logical base for the accelerator . The applications we ' ve received so far have been of extremely high quality but we want to see more , so I 'd urge all life sciences start - ups to take advantage of a fund which could propel their business to the next stage . " SP
After NASA 's discovery of seven Earth - size planets orbiting around a single star , we ' ve all been reinvigorated with extra terrestrial excitement . One of these planets might have life on it , or at the very least be suitable for life , and that 's truly a crazy next step as we make sense of the universe around us . It comes at a good time , because NASA has announced their iTech Cycle 2 , a challenge to innovators of any stripe to come up with a solution or an idea that NASA can use to further their quest in space exploration . The initiative is open to small and large businesses , universities , non - profits , U.S. Government organizations and individual inventors . All they have to do is submit is a five - page white paper with their eureka moment written down . SP The iTech Cycle 2 is focusing on five key areas : Autonomy , Big Data -- Data Mining and Machine Learning , Medical Systems and Operations , Radiation Protection and Mitigation , and X - Factor Innovations -- any solution out of the box that NASA had n't taken into account . The submissions will be reviewed by a panel of experts and whittled down to ten finalists based on relevance to the proposed topics and potential impact on them . The finalists will then present their ideas to NASA 's chief technologists , space industry leaders and potential investors at the 2017 NASA iTech Forum taking place at NASA 's Langley Research Center July 10 - 14 . The finalists of last year 's initiative were Aequor , Liberty Biosecurity , and InnaMed . InnaMed was actually discovered by NASA at the Tech . Co Startup of the Year competition . The iTech Cycle 2 will be open for submissions from February 23 to April 7 to U.S. citizens and permanent residents . NASA will not claim any intellectual property rights for a submitted idea . Let 's all give a cheer for these groundbreaking innovators . After all , it 's one of the only things for which we can come together as a planet . Read more about space travel here on Tech . Co
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Ten years ago , Steve Jobs stood on stage and changed the world . He took all information ever created and put it in our pockets , along with a mobile telephone and a music player . And it blew our minds . The launch of the iPhone was a defining moment in our history not for what is was , but for what it became and the advances that it led to . Technical developments have come thick and fast in the last decade , and the exponential advances have not only led to a huge boost on Wall Street but also spilled over every industry from security to health , entertainment to architecture , ecommerce to transportation , and created real change in billions of people 's lives . With so many different industries being transformed by technological advances , it 's hard to know which is going to create the biggest change . Experts from a plethora of industries are predicting the trend to watch to be across hundreds of verticals , including AR / VR , cloud migration , nanotechnology , blockchain , AI and mass personalization , but these all miss the biggest trend that is guaranteed to touch upon companies , governments , institutions and individuals alike . SP The ideological shift to incorporate continuous transformation will be the defining hurdle for every business or individual trying to stay relevant . This may sound abstract , but in reality , is simple : Organizations spend huge amounts of money every year to stay on top of current trends . They get Facebook pages , and Twitter accounts ( or even Snapchat ) , optimize their SEO to adapt to Google 's new algorithms and ensure their systems are running on the newest technology ( usually upgrading only once every few years ) . These adoptions or transformations come at a cost , with the need for new training , deployed slowly through the organization to ensure proper uptake and adoption . The issue facing organizations today is that the speed in which these advances are being released is increasing , and the need for their adoption likewise must be faster , else they run the risk of being outpaced by the competition . Continuous transformation requires a shift of focus away from the improvements gained from the adoption of new technologies or processes to concentrating on bettering the adoption process from what is usually a slow , costly and cumbersome process , to a streamlined natural integration . Becoming agile in this way will allow companies to evolve faster , more effectively and cheaper than they are doing currently -- a lifeline in the current ecosystem of breakneck speed innovations . Being able to adapt at speed will be the deciding factor in the success or failure of every company , regardless of size or industry . Right now , there is a high school kid working on something in her garage that has the potential to destroy Facebook , college students are in their dorm rooms busy coding a program that could flip everything we know about AI on its head , and startups around the world are creating new innovations that massive enterprises will need to adopt to stay on top of their game . Without a mindset of continuous transformation at the very core of a business , it becomes fragile no matter how large or established it is . I 'd love to know your prediction for the biggest trend for 2017 , and how the mindset of continuous transformation manifests in your companies . Ben Judah bases himself between London and Tel Aviv , working as a communications and marketing consultant at BNJ Marketing , and a startup advisor . He is a coffee enthusiast , tough - mudder and ex - paratrooper . Follow him @benjud ...
" Meeting " has become a dirty word . Diatribes against meetings exploded in recent years , on the grounds that they 're counterproductive and bad for business . Researchers estimate that unproductive in - house meetings cost U.S. businesses $ 37 billion in wasted resources . That 's enough to scare any leader off meetings -- especially startup founders who are struggling to stretch their capital as it is . But meetings are n't inherently bad . There 's no rule that every meeting must drag on two hours longer than necessary or that the majority of people involved must be superfluous participants who pay more attention to their phones than the discussion at hand . When meetings are managed correctly , they facilitate progress and growth . But they should be scheduled for clear , specific reasons . Weekly briefings to keep team members on the same page can mitigate miscommunication , while brainstorming sessions may jump - start innovative thinking . Meetings held for the sake of having meetings ? Not so much . Use the following rules to ensure that your organization 's meetings are both essential and productive : Project management systems such as Asana allow team members to see which tasks they 're responsible for and to update their progress in real time . Such documentation removes ambiguity from the conversation during meetings . Instead of relying on " I thought , " " I assumed , " and " You said " to pass around responsibility , employees are held accountable for specific actions . Having this data in advance enables you to focus on priority topics instead of wasting time on mistakes caused by miscommunication . Be discerning about whom you invite to meetings . Every participant should have something vital to add . Let participants know why you want them in the room and what you expect them to contribute . If you have trouble trimming attendees , try thinking about this : What if a programmer had six more net programming hours a month instead of sitting in four 90-minute - long weekly meetings ? Is he or she really needed in the meeting , or are those work hours better spent elsewhere ? Multitasking is the enemy of efficiency , especially in meetings . When people are reading emails or reviewing other work tasks , they 're only half - listening . Such behavior is not only rude , but it also detracts from the discussion . Eliminate distractions by banning smartphones and laptops unless they 're absolutely necessary . If a remote or traveling employee needs to be conferenced in , task one person with setting up the call . All other attendees should bring themselves and little else . Before scheduling a meeting , ask whether it 's necessary . Can these decisions be made over the phone or through a quick huddle with key stakeholders ? If the answer is no , schedule the meeting but send attendees a detailed agenda before you come together . Assign a timekeeper to monitor the clock and ensure that everyone stays focused . Do n't let meetings run past their scheduled end points ; people stay on track when they know they 're on limited time . Task someone with taking notes and sending out meeting summaries immediately after the discussion ends . Have them include any decisions made , as well as individual action items . Apps such as Minutes.io are useful for sharing notes and ensuring that everyone stays connected in the days and weeks after a meeting . When you have the right philosophy toward meetings , they become tools that help your company level up . Consider whether you 're approaching meetings pragmatically or simply scheduling them on autopilot . If it 's the latter , revise your strategy to boost productivity and reclaim significant amounts of time and money .
If you thought tech companies were succeeding , even incrementally , at creating more inclusive workplaces , it 's not entirely your fault . Headline after headline suggests that influential Silicon Valley executives understand they have a problem and are working to fix it . But a serious scandal like the one Uber now faces , following damning allegations of sexual harassment and corporate negligence , is all it takes to shatter the optimism . And this one likely wo n't be the last . SEE ALSO : Horrific harassment story is giving the internet a new reason to # DeleteUber The truth is that while some of the biggest names in tech -- Facebook , Yahoo , Google , Apple , Microsoft , Airbnb -- at least nominally support inclusivity by releasing annual diversity reports , we do n't know much about what they 're doing to change their male - dominated cultures . Dozens of other startups and companies stand idly by , perhaps happy to enjoy the glow of perceived progress without publicly working for it . Meanwhile , a female engineer like Susan Fowler Rigetti ( who goes by Susan J. Fowler on her blog ) may find herself in an abusive work environment where sexual harassment goes unpunished and the victim becomes the pariah . She recently documented her jaw - dropping experiences at Uber in a blog post . " If you have poor practices ... these things are going to drive people -- not just women -- out of your organization . " Inviting scrutiny , though , is risky for tech companies . They have to answer for stalled momentum as well as embarrassing claims that they ca n't transform their own culture . But until the majority of them make a genuine , transparent commitment to diversity , reports of discrimination and harassment will continue to plague the industry . SP The upshot is that when tech companies put their might behind setting new norms , they quickly become reality . SP " That 's happened with free lunches and busses , " says Alaina Percival , CEO of Women Who Code , a nonprofit that supports female engineers . Those may be easy perks to promise employees , but they spread across the industry because they attract talent . Aggressively tackling the diversity problem has the same appeal , but doing it effectively , says Percival , requires sharing more than just hiring figures by gender and race and broad outlines of company policy . SP What people really need to know is how companies , for example , detect biased language and decision - making in performance reviews , promotions and compensation -- and how leadership reacts when it discovers those trends . Companies may be tracking those metrics privately , but Percival does n't know of any that have publicly released the information . SP " If you have poor practices around performance reviews and harassment and promotion , these things are going to drive people -- not just women -- out of your organization , " says Percival . SP Tracking those measures can reveal evidence that management stifles or is hostile to women and other staff members of underrepresented backgrounds . Human resources may be loathe to search for bias in the company 's ranks because it might present legal issues , but pretending it does n't exist is exactly how some talented employees flail , or are perceived as incompetent , while others become stars . SP That probably sounds familiar to Fowler Rigetti . In her blog post about Uber , she claims that after reporting her male manager to human resources for sexual harassment , she was given the option to stay on his team but would have no recourse if he wrote her a negative performance review . SP 2/ I ' ve instructed our CHRO Liane to conduct an urgent investigation . There can be absolutely no place for this kind of behavior at Uber . -- travis kalanick ( @travisk ) February 20 , 2017 Fowler Rigetti decided to leave that team for another . When an internal " game - of - thrones political war " left her wanting to transfer again , that move was blocked for " undocumented performance problems . " After fruitlessly trying to contest that decision , Fowler Rigetti says she learned her manager kept her because it made him look good amidst the flood of female engineers trying to leave their toxic teams . In other words , when it became convenient for a manager to prize diversity , she was a useful prop . SP Uber 's CEO , Travis Kalanick , said on Twitter the behavior Fowler Rigetti described was " abhorrent and against everything we believe in . " On Monday , Kalanick sent a memo to his employees outlining an urgent investigation of the matter and arguing that the ratio of female engineers it employs is comparable to Facebook and Google . SP " I believe in creating a workplace where a deep sense of justice underpins everything we do , " he wrote . SP " The more influential people in companies that work to change that , the faster you 'll change societal norms . " Arianna Huffington , the media mogul and Uber board member , quickly became an integral part of the investigation . After an all - hands meeting on Tuesday , she acknowledged the long , difficult process of identifying the rot that may infest the company 's culture . SP " I hope that by taking the time to understand what 's gone wrong and fixing it we can not only make Ube e better but also contribute to improvements for women across the industry , " she said in a statement . SP While that 's great spin , it 'll take a lot for Uber 's investigation to make a significant difference for women across tech . Instead , most will probably have to endure the status quo until something dramatic , like a scandal , embarrasses their own employer . Even that 's unlikely because a lot of women , Percival says , wo n't share their experiences publicly because they fear the personal and professional repercussions . Percival hopes that more executives and their staff embrace diversity in principle while also developing specific measures of success that go beyond hiring numbers -- and sharing them with the industry . The blueprint for this already exists , including in materials provided by Project Include , an initiative cofounded by Ellen Pao that offers startups several key recommendations for integrating inclusivity and diversity into the DNA of their companies . ( Pao , when she was the interim CEO of Reddit , famously sued the venture capital firm where she previously worked for discrimination and lost . ) " The more people , and the more influential people , in companies that work to change that , " Percival says , " the faster you 'll change societal norms . " SP The best minds in tech would scoff at fixing a product piecemeal , based only on public outcry over its failings . Now it 's time for them to realize the same strategy wo n't work for their company culture . SP
The Geeks on a Plane ( GOAP ) dinner hosted by Wesgro and Silicon Cape provided many insights into the investment landscape in SA and Africa . The dinner also consisted of a panel discussion with Zoona 's CFO , Keith Davis and investors Monica Brand Engel of Quona Capital and co - founder and CEO of Rippleworks , Dough Galen . Speaking at the dinner , was co - founder of Silicon Cape and 4 Di Capital , Justin Stanford who spoke on his experience in Silicon Valley and his reason for starting Silicon Cape . He explained to the GOAP cohort and other attendees that his main takeaway from his time in the Valley was the value culture that surrounded it . " For me , the most useful takeaway I had of value culture was the collaboration , the pay - it - forward approach . " He compared that experience to what he experienced here in SA upon his return from Silicon Valley . " Here it 's like everyone keeps their cards close to their chest , no one talks about what they 're doing ... it was like a new secret turf and I wanted to kind of break that open . " Read more : Geeks on a Plane : A night out in Cape Town Years after Silicon Cape was founded , it was inevitable that the SME ecosystem would evolve and the investment space along with it . According to a report compiled by Wesgro , the 2015 World Investment Report by the United Nations Conference on Trade And Development ( UNCTAD ) found that SA was , " The largest African destination for inward Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI ) . " This could be attributed to the country 's location , according to Stanford . " Where we sit in SA is a great bridge to look in those markets in Africa while still having a western grounding . So we have a Western style of business , culture , infrastructure etc , " he said . Not only is our location ideal according to Stanford , but our nation currently sits on a growth curve that 's going to kick in soon . This trend could possibly be because of the growing interest in startups by many South Africans , mentioned Stanford . " There 's this general trend towards ' startups are cool now ' , it seems like everybody is talking about a startup or somebody wants to invest in your startup , and they can convince someone to invest because they ' ve heard of this ' startup thing ' . " But our location and growing interest in startups are n't the only things that make our country successful in the SME industry . " We 're capable of competing in certain verticals globally , " said Stanford , who further supported his point by mentioning that we have the ability to straddle both first - world and developing - world problems . Our fintech solutions can be applied in both first - world nations and developing ones . Once Stanford concluded dishing out some of his insights , the Zoona panel discussion commenced with Stanford interviewing Zoona 's investors and Zoona 's CFO . His first question was directed at Engel of Quona Capital about why they chose to invest so soon in a tertiary country . " The answer to the question is very similar to the theme of 500 ( Startups ) which is ' we were in the market ' . " She also went on to mention that Zoona made it incredibly easy to accommodate Quona and meet the team halfway as much as they could . Stanford pivoted the discussion toward SA exchange controls and how they affect foreign investors . Read more : 12 edtech startups teaching South Africans [ Digital All Stars ] " It is a significant barrier , " said Zoona CFO , Keith Davies . " There are ways you can go about it that 'll protect you as a foreign investor bringing your money in , you can get it endorsed by the Reserve Bank which will allow you to take it out , " he mentioned . Davies elaborated on his previous answer saying that the rules and regulations are becoming a bit more relaxed especially in regards to the tech sector . " We were on a panel with the Reserve Bank and highlighted the problems and how this is really damaging the ecosystem and they did listen . They have eased up on a few things , " Davies mentions . According to Davies , the biggest issue SA faces in terms of receiving foreign investment and increasing trust between foreign investors and those receiving investments is time . If you lead with enough time and provide the Reserve Bank with the necessary information sooner , you 're able to get through processes much quicker . CEO of Ripple Works , Doug Galen also elaborated on the state of SA 's entrepreneurial space , focusing on the Mother City in particular . " Cape Town is Silicon Valley all over again and I ' m excited to be here to experience that , the next 10 years here are going to be fantastic . " When asked about how to get more investors to invest their time and money in SA , Galen replied , " You 're doing nothing wrong , we just need to get the word out , we just need to find more opportunities for every project that we launch . "
Coworking spaces are a great place to build one 's business , develop relationships and expand an ecosystem . On Tuesday , bill LD 285 ( Bill ) , " An Act To Provide Funding for the Maine Coworking Development Fund " passed the House last week in a party - line vote of 77 to 66 . The Bill would provide a one - time infusion of $ 300,000 into the Maine Coworking Development Fund , which the Legislature created in 2015 to provide $ 100,000 a year to help develop coworking spaces around the state . " Co - working spaces are critical pillars in our 21st Century economy , " Rep. Fecteau told Maine Startups Insider after the Senate vote . " They attract young people , entrepreneurs , and Maine 's roughly 15,000 remote workers . Given our tourism economy , co - working spaces could very well mean our visitors spend an extra week stay in Bethel , Millinocket , or Portland . " Democrats supported the Bill and Republicans opposed . At the time , Rep. Ryan Fecteau ( D - Biddeford ) , the Bill 's sponsor , was not hopeful that his bill would be able to pass the Senate , which is controlled by the Republicans , if it suffered another party - line vote . However , the Senate on Tuesday voted 22 - 13 in favor the Bill , with five Republicans crossing the aisle to support the bill : Asked in an email why he joined the Democrats in voting for the Bill , Sen. Saviello was succinct . " The Bill supports small business startups , " Saviello replied . Fecteau said he was thankful the Bill enjoyed bipartisan support in the Senate . The bill now goes to the appropriations table , where all bills that include a fiscal note are sent after being passed by the Legislature . Lawmakers on the Appropriations Committee are then tasked with finding ways to fund all the bills that have an attached cost . If they find a way to fund the Bill , it moves forward to final enactment . If lawmakers on the Appropriations Committee ca n't find a way to fund the Bill , then it dies on the table . The Maine Coworking Development Fund distributed its first $ 100,000 in February . The recipients were Fork Food Lab in Portland , which received $ 25,000 ; Open Bench Project in Portland , which received $ 12,500 ; Our Katahdin Properties in Millinocket , which received $ 25,000 ; Think Tank in Portland , which received $ 25,000 ; and The Gem in Bethel , which received $ 12,500 . Lead photo of Think Tank in Maine from Maine Insider Read more about startups in Maine here at Tech . Co This article is courtesy of Maine Startups Insider , created by Whit Richardson , a journalist who 's covered Maine 's business community for the past decade . Visit Maine Startups Inside e to read more about Maine 's startup community and subscribe to the weekly newsletter .
No matter how shiny it is , if your mobile app does n't start up in five seconds , you 'll start to churn players . Join this VB Live event for a deep dive into best practices , including balancing rich content and speed , optimizing load time , and more . Do n't miss out ! Register here for free . A responsive mobile website -- that 's do or die . But an app is some next - level action . You get your hands on all the features a smartphone can deliver -- geo - awareness , more sophisticated touchscreen applications , the camera , the gyroscope , and more -- and you 're delivering a precisely customized , personalized experience . And yet . When something hitches on your mobile site and is n't loading , your user might blame their wireless connection or their cell signal . But when your app is n't up to speed , your customer is going to lay the blame right where it belongs . Mobile app success is inextricably tied to performance , and there 's no cutting the cord . Consumers expect to get exactly what they want , exactly when they want it . A slow - loading app hurts your brand image . It gets your app deleted . It directly impacts your ratings . And sales and revenue will follow your user out the door . How slow is too slow ? Increasingly , even just fractions of a second too slow turns customers off . One mobile app user survey found that 80 percent of app users retry a slow - loading app only three times or less . Thirty - six percent said that an app with performance issues dropped their opinion of that company like a rock . But how do you consistently deliver that rapid - fire response to users when they tap on your icon ? And when an issue pops up , how do you fix it before it affects and potentially alienates whole swaths of your audience ? It 's a tough balancing act between delivering rich content and letting players enjoy the your content without a painful loading screen . In our latest VB Live event , Stewart Rogers , director of marketing technology at VentureBeat , will SP take a deep dive into the best practices for reducing load times across both the mobile web and apps . He 'll look at screen load micro - data , how slow load times are killing publishers in the mobile arena , and more . Do n't miss out ! Register here for free . In this VB Live event , you 'll : Speakers : More speakers to be announced soon . This VB Live event is sponsored by Akamai .
The excitement of a new cabinet or new leadership is waning for the startup ecosystem - we ' ve been here before . Folks it 's groundhog day . We will get our heads around the new order and we will respectfully make the procession to meet the new kids on the block and hear their vision for their portfolio 's that impact on us ( innovation , business , trade , investment ) . There is a fear that the change is cosmetic , not real . We will realise soon enough that the more things change , the more they stay the same . In the past few years we have seen a revolving door of leaders and ministers affecting our relationships and our expectations . All well intentioned , some delivering change , opportunity , but none in it for the long haul . We know that each new minister brings their own take on things and programs change and agencies realign . The hope is that things will be different for the ecosystem this time . Thankfully , we have the Hon . Arthur Sinodinos AO . A man with the network , the ideas , the nous and the grit needed to make change for the better . He is matched with the Hon . Ed Husic MP - a great listener , student and leader who has immersed himself in the ecosystem over many years . He is well regarded and has a very clear idea of what the ecosystem wants to achieve and what it needs to do so . It is unnerving - especially for the startup ecosystem , who are largely new to this relationships with politics and government . One thing I have realised over the last 30 years working in politics and government , and its not a criticism , just a fact - it will always be politics over people . Decisions will always favour politics and saving face , even if Rome is burning . We ' ve seen this time and again , particularly in the very expensive mistakes we see politicians , their advisers and agencies repeat without recourse . We got our priorities wrong What is unbelievable is that the VET - FEE HELP , the home insulation program and e - Health , or the ongoing failure of the NBN seems to have impacted little on the way things work in government . Even Markin Parkinson , Secretary of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet speaks frankly about the need to work differently . " We know , but we keep making the same sorts of mistakes and we have to keep asking ourselves why . What is it that about the way we think about doing things that 's leading us to repeat these issues ? " - Martin Parkinson , Secretary PM&C I believe much of the problem is about saving face - la bella figura . Riding the storm over solving the problem and admitting failure . While I totally understand the need to hold it together under duress , I also believe that the world is changing and that the public expects and deserves greater accountability for how public monies are spent and services delivered . A really good example is the fact that a remote town in NSW has a number of people needing dialysis , yet there is a dialysis machine sitting in the golf club that the community fundraised , the Health Department will not run it in the local base hospital . So people ( mainly Aboriginal ) who can not make the 3 hour trip to the main town hospital , end up dying . I can not understand how the heck people can live with themselves when decisions like this are made and they literally are affecting people 's lives . We also know that there are some communities where few young people are untouched by sexual assault , yet they still live with the perpetrators . The system is failing people and the decisions made on a daily basis by their very nature are disempowering communities . In politics however , these decisions are made daily and there is no transparency and accountability . Carry on We need to turn this upside down and see that the current approach is costly and damaging . Politics is about systems over users , process and outputs over outcomes . In part this is because election cycles cause the need to focus on re - election a year out so it shortens the ability to focus on long term plans . So if we can accept that decisions are made on that basis , we can truly realise the scope of what we can influence , framing the opportunity around how we can facilitate the realisation of their goals . If we are committed to a specific path that can not be adapted to the goals de jour , then we should just carry on and get on with it . Just like the startups disrupting the service system and government , like Catylisr , Refugee Talent , HireUp and EnabledEmployment continue to do . For many in the ecosystem that have engaged with government and politicians , they have realised that government does n't move quickly , it is not agile , even in the face of an enthusiastic minister , we see that there are a number of hurdles to get something unsolicited on the go . It 's not good or bad - just a reminder that if we want to get things done - then it is up to us . As many have quoted the Uber 's and Googles and Apples did not get government support - if they did they would still be a pipe dream and not the successful companies they are today . Paul Shetler , former head of the Digital Transformation Office has said competition is important to build big companies that compete on a global stage , yet we persist in wanting the leg up without realising that comes with very long strings and distractions . A great example of how to do it is set by Code Club founder Annie Parker ( co - founder of LighthouseSydney ) who effortlessly builds prototypes or pilots with a view of build it and they will come - the success of Code Club now reaching over 1500 schools and receiving some government support happened because Annie proved the model , then sought support . Annie has done this a few times ( muru - D , TechFugees Australia ) and will continue to lead the way for a more independent and rigorous method of launching companies because she does not rely on government to get big ideas started , nor does she rely on government to sustain them - BIG TICK . Lessons for the ecosystem The sooner we accept the way things are , the quicker we can be unencumbered by the very bureaucratic nature of government . I recognise there are some great grants around now for startups from state and federal governments but I suggest you take a leaf out of the NGOs that , after decades of relying on government support , are now faced with government paring back and the necessity to find alternative sources of funding . CEO of the NSW Council of Social Services , Tracy Howe is determined to reduce NCOSS 's reliance on government funding and has led her organisation and its members to rethink the status quo . It is imperative people start thinking about this because the truth of the matter is you will get things done faster and without the rigid strings of government funding . The NGO sector also knows that the best time to get attention and support is around elections when any number of announceables will be considered . Do n't wait till the new government or minister has been sworn in , start early , work both sides of the aisle and ensure that they understand what you 're trying to achieve , who it helps , what it delivers and how it helps the government . So for those on the eastern seaboard state elections in QLD and NSW approaching in the next two years , as is the federal election . It 's going to be a great opportunity for those in the circle to get some traction , as long as it fits with the agendas of the day . The alternative is to join me and the band of others just getting on with it and be ready with proven models and ideas to slot in to the ever sliding and changing agendas . This story was first published here . Author : Anne - Marie Elias . SP
Over 22 automakers and 34 hardware or software companies are hard at work developing self - driving cars , according to a recent tech report . It 's no secret that the industry is rapidly developing , and it ca n't come soon enough for those concerned about safety on the road : According to the US government 's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , 94 percent of road accidents in the United States in 2015 were caused by human error . At CES this year , Valeo has pulled the curtain on a variety of their own self - driving advancements , each designed with one main goal in mind : to rewrite the rule book on autonomous cars . Here 's a look at their latest innovations , complete with photos . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ The Valeo eCruise4U , the first automated car that can drive in electric mode at low speeds , such as in urban areas . That 's a quote straight from Jean - Francois Tarabbia , Group Senior Vice President R&D and Product Marketing , at the unveiling of the Valeo eCruise4U , the Valeo XtraVue and the Valeo 360AEB Nearshield . Valeo is offering front cameras , radars and laser scanners to ensure driver safety -- these are the essential sensors that Tarabbia was talking about . " Laser scanners are crucial for autonomous driving , " he added . One in every three vehicles worldwide is equipped with a Valeo electric system , which reduces energy consumption and CO2 emissions . It 's a electrification system designed to be suitable for all vehicles , even ones without an electric powertrain . Within the car , the Valeo Cockpit is a futuristic type of cockpit reminiscent of something out of TRON . It includes everything from interior cabin fragrance , to lighting , to climate . SP The cockpit functions according to three distinct phases of the driving experience : The " task of driving , " when the driver is in full control ; the " experience of traveling , " when the semi - automated vehicle is driving itself ; and the " back to drive " when the driver takes back control of the vehicle . During the " task of driving " phase , the cabin environment supports driving - assistance features to enhance safety . Lights projected against the windshield can elegantly point out hazards on the road . If driver fatigue is anticipated , the system releases an energizing fragrance to encourage concentration . An ionizer purifies and freshens the air in the cabin . SP Making the car 's interface even more futuristic , the lights can respond to how fast the car is moving , Valeo explains : " The interior lighting can also significantly enhance driving pleasure , with scrolling lights amplifying the sensation of acceleration and deceleration . " The Valeo eCruise4U comes with features like the 360AEB Nearshield : an " innovative sensor and camera technology system that provides the automatic braking system a 360-degree view for better passenger , pedestrian and vehicle protection . " SP The Valeo XtraVue provides a connected camera and laser system that eliminates visual obstacles and offers an enhanced view of the road , allowing drivers to see " through " obstacles in front of them . It 's designed to cut down on visual debris that could impact your ability to see the road . Tarabbia explained at the event : " You are always safe , what we do not see are small objects and small moving objects . " Also , the Valeo C - Stream replaces the rearview mirror with a projection image and uses cameras to " map out the vehicle 's cabin to automatically prompt system adjustments . " Self - driving , automated laser system , purple interior lighting -- the future might not have flying cars , but the Valeo cars it does have manage to check off a half dozen more elements on the " future - y " wishlist . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
Payment gateway VoguePay has walked away with the Best Fintech Startup Award at the sixth edition of the Cashless Africa Award 2017 presented by Mobile Money Africa . The event was held at the Ballroom Oriental Hotel in Lagos , Nigeria on 25 March . A number of African and global stakeholders in digital finance attended . VoguePay launched in 2012 with the aim of making online payments and cross - currency payments safer for businesses , traders as well as consumers . With offices in Lagos and the UK , 0 VoguePay also serves clients in three other continents including North America , Europe and Asia . " The awards honour organisations that have made significant contributions to the digital financial services sector and are poised to make considerable market impact in the future , " said Mobile Money Africa principal associate Emmanuel Okoegwale in a press release . " The awards are dedicated to acknowledging creativity , commitment and excellence in the digital financial services across Africa , " Okoegwale continued . The head of digital media and strategy at VoguePay , Wole Ogunlade noted that his award was well deserved given the company 's innovative payment bridge . The Cashless Africa Awards celebrated various innovative fintech solutions ranging across 15 categories , with winners such as Diamond Bank , TransferTo and WorldRemit to name a few . VoguePay 's 2017 is off to a good start , carrying their momentum from 2016 as the current award is one of many the company received last year , mentioned VoguePay co - founder and director of marketing , Geoffrey Weli Wosu . Last year , VoguePay took home the African Achievers ' Best Online Payment in Africa award which is held in high regard by Forbes . Featured image : Freestocks via Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resized ) Congratulations to team # VoguePay Congrats Voguepay ... you guys have always been up there .
Argo AI , a Pittsburgh startup , has sold a majority share of their company to Ford Motor Co o which has agreed to invest $ 1 billion over a five year schedule but will immediately become the majority shareholder . Both companies declined to disclose further details . Argo AI plans to fully support Ford but eventually license its software and sensor suite to other companies . This unusual arrangement is part of the deal agreement where Argo AI will become a subsidiary of Ford , and Ford will be the majority shareholder of Argo AI , but the company will operate independently and have its own board of directors . Argo AI 's status as a quasi independent company would let it attract employees with salaries comparable to hot startups , as well as offer stock options . " Let 's face it , there 's a war for talent these days . Argo [ being able ] to offer equity participation , we think it 's pretty unique . " " Our view [ is that ] , in the future , there will be a number of players that will have systems , " Ford CEO Mark Fields told Recode in an interview . " There wo n't be just one winner . But at the same time we can offer that to other companies where it does n't compromise our competitive advantages . We think that 's a great opportunity to get even more scale and create some value for the companies . " Bryan Salesky , previously with Google 's self - driving team and Peter Rander , previously with Uber 's , will head up the new company . Argo AI plans to develop a software platform backbone for Ford 's fully autonomous vehicle and are planning on making that platform a working reality by 2021 . They are working with the City of Pittsburgh to find and establish a work facility , and planning to find office space in the Pittsburgh area and hiring up to 200 engineers and CS professionals . SP " We want to take a straight - line path to market as much as we possibly can , " Salesky said . Until this transaction , Ford 's investments in future transportation technology have been relatively modest , eg , $ 75 million to buy a minority stake in Velodyne , a manufacturer of laser - based LiDAR sensing systems , and $ 6.6 million in Civil Maps , a Berkeley , CA startup working on AI - powered mapping for self - driving cars . " The next decade will be defined by the automation of the automobile , and autonomous vehicles will have as significant an impact on society as Ford 's moving assembly line did 100 years ago , " Ford President and CEO Mark Fields said in a statement . " As Ford expands to be an auto and a mobility company , we believe that investing in Argo AI will create significant value for our shareholders by strengthening Ford 's leadership in bringing self - driving vehicles to market in the near term and by creating technology that could be licensed to others in the future . " Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global(tm ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies .
While the coworking revolution has taken over cities across the world , no one has made more of an impact on the business world than WeWork . Their mission of creating a world where people work to make a life , not just a living rings true across the board . They promote the companies within their walls , they support the entrepreneurs that call their offices home , and , most importantly , they spur innovation through initiatives like the Creator Awards . Throughout 2017 and beyond , WeWork plans to host events around the world in hopes recognizing and rewarding people who are thinking differently . By showcasing creators that are using fresh new projects to achieve real change , WeWork hopes they can truly support innovative ideas from aspiring entrepreneurs , inside and outside of their network . " While we have been dreaming of the Creator Awards for years , we are inspired by the fact that our WeWork community has recently reached a new milestone : we now are 100,000 members strong , " says Adam Neumann , cofounder of WeWork . " These members are pioneers leading an even bigger movement . " The Creator Awards will be taking place in a wide range of cities across the world , including Washington DC , Detroit , Austin , London , Berlin , Tel Aviv , Mexico City , and New York . Companies and individuals will be substantially awarded for winning a wide range of rewards at each event . Over the course of the events , WeWork plans to commit more than $ 20 million to empower creators in these cities . " Anyone who brings a new idea into the world , pursues their passion , and believes in something greater than oneself is a creator , " said Neumann . Last night , WeWork kicked off the Creator Awards in Washington DC , awarding 25 entrepreneurs from DC , Philadelphia and Boston more than $ 1.5 million in grants . The winners , including Byte Back , Memory Well and many others represent a diverse mix of entrepreneurs , small businesses , growing companies , non - profits , artists , and other creators that are changing the way the business world works . " The feeling tonight when we won was unbelievable . This award will help Byte Back with tech training and support , and we will be able to reach so many more people in our region as well as look to a national expansion , " said Elizabeth Lindsey , executive director of Byte Back , the winner of the Scale Award . " This is my first pitch event and I think it 's been incredible . The Creator Awards included such diversity of companies and missions , and it 's been fabulous to hear what all of the other groups are creating . " Winners of the Launch Award and the Scale Award will advance to WeWork 's Creator Awards Global Finals in New York this November where they will be given the opportunity to win additional grants . Four additional winners were surprised with awards honoring their commitment to the communities they serve . If you 're interested in applying to compete in the Creator Awards , you can apply here today . Applications are open for all cities , except for Washington DC obviously . SP Read more about WeWork here at Tech . Co This article is part of a WeWork content series . WeWork provides shared workspace , community , and services for entrepreneurs , freelancers , startups and small businesses . Read more about WeWork here .
Tech giant , Google has announced that its Launchpad Accelerator is accepting applications from African countries for the very first time . Startups from Kenya , Nigeria and South Africa are eligible to apply . The six - month programme will help entrepreneurs by means of mentorship , training and , equity - free support . The programme will also consist of a two - week all - expenses - paid training workshop at the Google headquarters in Silicon Valley . Accepted entrepreneurs will also receive access to various Google engineers , mentors , as well as resources . The participants will also receive various marketing opportunities through Google and credits for Google products . Some startups who apply will be asked to participate in a one - hour video conference with one of the Google team members . In some cases , face - to - face interviews will also be conducted . " The programme is totally provided without charge for accepted startups . We will carry all expenses for all programme activities , including sending up to three of your startup 's team members to Silicon Valley , " mentioned Google in a blog post . " We offer this programme without a requirement for financial consideration in return . Google or its affiliates participate in other efforts that involve investment in return for financial consideration ( such as Google Ventures ) , but they are unrelated to Launchpad Accelerator , " the post continued . According to the post , the Launchpad Accelerator aims to co - exist with accelerators and incubators , seeing that many Launchpad Accelerator Alumni have already gone through an accelerator programme before . Applications for Class 4 of the accelerator closes at 9 am on 24 April 2017 . SP
The future of computer science jobs are bright . But in anticipation of a talent shortage , preparing the next generation with the skills to advance technology will be critical to future innovation . One startup is taking a global approach to developing children 's skill sets for the future . SP China - based edtech startup LeapLearner , an online educational platform , aims to prepare children for the future and help them embrace the power self - learning . SP " A child 's ability to continuously learn new skills , create and adapt are the foundation for their future success , " the company states . SP Their curriculum is designed for children ages 5 - 12 , integrates into a child 's existing education framework and the modules are built to correspond with the academic year . The program uses the feedback - loop and problem - solving nature of coding in order to develop self - learning abilities . The code kids will learn is the basis for communication with both humans and robots which will be a critical skill set for future innovation . Children will be able to engage through an interactive platform and even learn how to hack video games , which will help them understand a simple natural language of code before transitioning into Javascript . Ultimately , students are taught to build and share their own video games with others and gain confidence about creating new concepts . LeapLearner was developed by Ami Dror ( cofounder and CEO ) , Aaron Tian ( cofounder and CEO of LeapLearner China ) and the first Chinese - Israeli startup built from the ground up by Chinese and Israeli cofounders . SP " Our vision is for LeapLearner to be the platform where kids learn to harness the power of code in order to be innovative and realize their dreams , " Tian said . The platform will only be launching in Shanghai ( users ages 5 - 12 ) , before being rolled out across greater China and Asia Pacific , and eventually expand to the Middle East and South American markets where there is a demand for innovative , high quality educational products . To date , the company has raised a seed round of $ 5 million from some globally renowned early - stage investors including John Wu , former CTO of Alibaba . Learn more about edtech startups here at Tech . Co This featured startup is part of our premium Spotlight Feature Series . Learn more about how your company or crowdfunding project can get noticed and reach thousands of readers around the country , including influencers , investors and more .
This month , Blendoor founder and TechCo 's 2015 Startup of the Year winner , Stephanie Lampkin , launched a new rating system , BlendScore , that measures how well a tech company is recruiting , compensating , retaining , and promoting women and underrepresented minorities . Using what the team is calling the Blendoor Bias Index ( BBI ) , surveyed responses , and publicly available data , BlendScore will create an unconscious bias credit score of sorts for each company . According to Lampkin , their data and analysis points to the biggest stakeholders for improving diversity within an organization comes down to those in middle management positions . As primary people managers , middle management typically brings in new team members , which is why Blendoor feels they have the greatest impact on who enters and exits a company . Both for internal and external transparency , it 's the team 's hope that by putting diversity and inclusion at the forefront with the BBI rating system that it will encourage organizations to form relevant goals and incentivize hiring managers to adopt equitable hiring , promotion , compensation , and communication practices . " BlendScore will be for companies what the LEED rating is for buildings and the US News World Report is for colleges & universities , " said Lampkin . " Tech companies have been reporting their EEO-1 data / diversity statistics for almost 3 years now and the fact that they are almost identical to each other and have remained relatively unchanged has led to band - aid solutions and PR . My thesis is behavior change and prioritization will happen through data , transparency , and accountability ; we 're ready to peel back the onion . " Among their surveyed and collected data , some of the results are based on questions in their methodology such as : Launched in beta , BlendScore has a rating for 138 tech companies that segments them down based on retention statistics , demographics of their leadership team , recruiting approaches , bias , and social impact initiatives . In the future , additional organizations will be able to participate in the scoring system and program . Read more about diversity and inclusion here on Tech . Co
A scientist shapes burger patties at the Impossible Foods headquarters in Redwood City , California . Melia Robinson The world 's population is expected to top nine billion people by 2050 -- a figure that has some worried there wo n't be enough resources on the planet to support animal agriculture at that scale . While Silicon Valley startups like Hampton Creek and Impossible Foods chip away at creating meat - free proteins that could someday feed the masses , an unlikely group of investors has joined forces to bring food industry giants on board . Seventy - one investors worth a combined $ 1.9 trillion are working together to put pressure on the world 's largest food companies to " future - proof " their supply chains by bringing more meat alternatives to market . Founded in 2015 , the FAIRR ( Farm Animal Investment Risk and Return ) initiative aims to make the food supply chain more sustainable by promoting plant - based foods , while also helping investors cash in on a lucrative new business . The substitute meat market is expected to climb 8.4% annually over the next three years , reaching $ 5.2 billion globally by 2020 , according to Allied Market Research . Jeremy Coller , a titan of the private equity industry and founder of FAIRR , tells Business Insider that because members of the coalition make up a large percentage of investors in these grocery chains and food manufacturers , they essentially have the power to say , " We own you . " The investors can then steer food companies towards more sustainable supply chains . FAIRR has produced extensive briefings on the animal agriculture industry , in the hopes of educating shareholders at food giants like McDonald 's , Domino 's , and Yum ! Brands on the environmental and financial gains of diversifying their supply chains . Animal agriculture takes up about a third of the world 's land , and is responsible for 15% of greenhouse gas emissions . AP In 2016 , the group fired off a letter to 16 multinational food companies , asking that they " explore and report back on " efforts to scale back their reliance on animal products . In a copy of the letter provided to Business Insider , FAIRR writes that large retailers have an important role to play in making meat - free alternatives available and affordable for consumers . " We warmly welcome the fact that Tesco [ a European supermarket chain , named in the copy given to Business Insider ] offers a wide range of plant - based and lower - meat options to consumers ; however , we believe there is room for further progress to be made , " the letter said . It goes on to make recommendations on how the company can improve , including giving non - animal protein products preferential placement in grocery stores ( like in the meat aisle , as opposed to the vegetarian foods section ) and making the packaging more attractive . The letter also encourages companies to invest in " product reformulation , " a food and beverage manufacturing term that means swapping some ingredients for better ones , which in this case , means ingredients not sourced from animals . It also suggests spending on consumer education to " raise awareness of the environmental and health benefits of more sustainable diets . " Impossible Foods was founded on the idea that there 's a better way to satisfy people who enjoy meat . Melia Robinson / Business Insider , FAIRR targets food companies including Kraft Heinz , Nestle , Unilever , Walmart , and General Mills . As the coalition grows , so will the number of food companies the group goes after . Coller , who has been a vegetarian since he was 12 , is on a mission to wipe out factory farming . ( These large industrial operations raise over 99% of farm animals in the US . ) He 's invested in several plant - based protein startups , including Impossible Foods , Hampton Creek , Clara Foods , and Beyond Meat , which sells burger patties made from pulverized beets in select Whole Foods . However , Coller avoids talking about animal welfare when he 's around investors involved in FAIRR , because he says most are more concerned with the bottom line . With FAIRR , he appeals to investors who look at the meat alternatives market and see an opportunity to pioneer a new multibillion - dollar industry . " FAIRR is totally about materiality , not morality , " Coller says .
Nigerian entrepreneur Dayo Elegbe was feeling good . He 'd worked with big names in the UK and his latest idea to give away a car on a Nigerian game show looked like a money spinner . Little did he know that he was one move away from losing thousands of dollars . " I could n't sleep for three years . I had crazy insomnia , " says Elegbe , recalling his biggest failure in business , at a Fuckup Nights event held at the Canterbury Club in Cape Town last night . The monthly event , in which entrepreneurs detail their biggest failures , was hosted by co - working space Cape Town Office . Elegbe , founder of mobile digital marketing agency Sponge Africa , thought he knew it all , after nearly 15 years working in the advertising industry in the UK . Fresh in from the UK , he hit on an idea to run a television show using audience polls . He approached the concessionaire of the country 's state lottery with the idea of getting funding for the project , while the concessionaire could use the show to run their own live lottery . " I was so chummy with the chairman at the time , who is a billionaire , that he used to call me up and just say ' how are things going ? ' , " said Elegbe . The idea was to run an SMS poll to give way a Toyota Corolla every week . After a successful initial test , the poll went live . " So we said , ' you know what , we 're going to go out and we 're going to launch this campaign ' , full blown . We 'd bought all the cars , paid the expense of licenses and done everything . And I was so confident that I felt nothing could go wrong . Until it did ... " On the first day of the campaign he called one of the developers , who told him 100 000 people had already taken part . " And at this point I was counting the money already , so I was like take a scene from Hangover 3 . I was out with my mates , we were popping bottles , we were like ' I am going to make so much money ' it 's quite ridiculous . " The next morning after a long night of partying , he got back to the office . " I get back into the office and he ( the developer ) said he made a mistake ... he said actually it 's not 100 000 , it 's less than a thousand . At this point I had been on the phone to the chairman saying ' we 're fucking hammering it ' , and he 'd transferred all the money to the game show like that , straight away . " He began wondering what could have gone wrong . " It was simple . In my pride I just did n't do enough research . " MTN had been giving away a house . " So my promotion went head to head with someone giving away a house . " He then held an emergency meeting with the chairman where he explained the problem . " I really should ' ve said ' just kill me now ' , but instead I said we 'll turn this around and we will make your money back . " The poll began picking up , from under 1000 respondents a day , it climbed to under 4000 . " And then the government decides to ban all lotteries . It was like a film ... and then we literally had to stop . " Elegbe says for three years it was " like living a nightmare " as he tried to pay back the debt he had accumulated . " It dented my confidence for a long time . " The experience he says taught him an important lesson of restraint and humility . " I had close to 15 years of digital experience , I ' ve run these campaigns . One of the first mobile campaigns in the UK . And yet I did n't know shit , when the biggest operator on the freaking African continent ( MTN ) decides to come up against you . " Failure however is ever present in business , he says . " You do n't stop fucking up , you just get better at spotting things , " he adds . But he said things are now turning around . " About two months ago the chairman calls . At this point we 'd gone quite far in developing the concept of a TV show . He calls me up and says ' I hear you 're doing quite well with the TV show . When am I going to see the pilot so I can flight it ? " Featured image : Dayo Elegbe , founder Sponge Africa ( David Peter Harris ) Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startups
Vestiaire Collective is slowly but surely turning into a giant e - commerce platform for clothes and fashion accessories . Think about it as a sort of eBay for fashion items , but with a premium positioning . The French startup just raised $ 62 million ( EUR58 million ) . Vitruvian Partners is leading the round , with existing investors Eurazeo and Idinvest also participating in the round . Overall , the company has raised $ 118 million ( EUR110 million ) from those investors , as well as Zadig & Voltaire , Ventech , Balderton Capital and Conde Nast International . France is still Vestiaire Collective 's main market with 35 percent of the company 's sales . But it wants to turn a local success into a global company . Like many other e - commerce players , it has raised huge amounts of money . It turns out that e - commerce is a capital - intensive industry . Evidence of this lies in the upcoming logistics facility in France that should expand the company 's inventory in Europe . Compared to other second - hand platforms , Vestiaire Collective checks every item before putting them on the site . It improves trust , the user experience on the site with detailed product pages and the shopping experience with a standardized shipping process . Vestiaire Collective is already leading in the U.K. , Germany , Spain and Italy . Today 's funding round is all about going beyond Europe . While the company already has an office in the U.S. , it 's time to go further and generate more sales in the U.S. as this is a huge fashion market . The startup also says that it plans to expand to Asia at some point in 2017 .
Ok , this one is not exactly a tech startup , but still an interesting young company with an innovative product . The Slovenian company NV came up with an new solution for men to keep their shirt tucked in throughout the day . Think about how often you have to tuck your shirt back in during a long day in the office or on the road . With the new NV S - Holder , this problem now gets solved . The brand name is a bit tricky , since it 's pronounced almost like ass - holder . But still : It 's an interesting product ! The S - Holder basically works like upside down suspenders . They clip to your shirt to keep it weighed down . Such S - Holder sets are available for $ 38 and can be shipped worldwide . To be fair , NV might not be the inventor of this concept , but with their design and crowdfunding approach they make this type of solution accessible to a young audience of men . SP NV currently does a 2nd crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter . They already raised $ 70,700 and the campaign will run for another month . The first campaign also was successful and was set up to create the previous version of the product , called T - Holder . For more info regarding the current crowdfunding campaign for S - Holder , check out SP the video below : SP
Good news for startup enthusiasts , entrepreneurs and aspiring entrepreneurs ! Ventureburn is teaming up with startup community Startup Grind Cape Town . The partnership will see Ventureburn attend every Startup Grind Cape Town meetup this year , featuring pre- and post - event coverage . Ventureburn editor Graham van der Made shed more light on the agreement . " Two of the strongest brands in the SA startup ecosystem , Ventureburn and Startup Grind , are partnering to create more awareness in the industry . This partnership will see Ventureburn covering all of the Startup Grind Cape Town events in - depth , with social media and written coverage , " van der Made explained . Read more : Startup Grind Cape Town to host David Campey , Roger Norton at next talk " It will also allow Startup Grind to republish Ventureburn stories to its wider audience , expanding the reach of the SA startup scene in the process . " The first event as part of the partnership takes place on Thursday , headlined by David Campey and Roger Norton of Lean Iterator . The event takes place at Workshop 17 , kicking off at 6.30pm -- ticket information can be found on Startup Grind 's website . Feature image : David Stanley via Flickr . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in News
When my co - founder and I were fleshing out the foundation of PolicyGenius , we knew our goal was to bring the insurance - buying process -- from education to shopping to application -- to the modern online consumer . The question was , " How do we do this ? " And as we spoke to consumers about their decision journeys , we realized that the answer was n't new . It had been around for 30 years . Time after time , unprompted , we 'd get asked why there was n't something like TurboTax for insurance . TurboTax helped pioneer robo - advice in household finances by offering expert - level guidance without requiring a face - to - face appointment with a specialist . It showed that it could be done for a complex financial process ( there is n't anything more complicated than filing your taxes , is there ? ) and now robo - advisors are taking over the investing world thanks to the likes of Tradeking , Wealthfront , Betterment , and more . So the people we wanted to reach wanted TurboTax for insurance : something where they could go through the insurance shopping process -- the whole process -- online , getting guidance that they could follow at their own pace . Here 's what we learned by building it . You can find and compare insurance policies on PolicyGenius , so it 's tempting to describe the process as like " Kayak , but for insurance . " But unlike travel aggregators , we do n't just gather a bunch of deals and show them side - by - side on the screen . We ca n't . Insurance is more complicated than flights , so we have to do more . When you go on vacation you buy your plane ticket , go on the trip , post the pictures to Facebook , and go back to your life . Insurance , especially life insurance , is more expensive , longer - term , and more complex . Choosing the wrong flight means you have to wake up early or have no legroom , but messing up your insurance policy has real consequences . That 's why we emphasize education and decision support . We built a resource center with content that explains different concepts , terms , and scenarios . During the application process , we explain why we 're asking for each piece of information . And with our Insurance Checkup , we show you not only what sort of protection you need , but why you need it . For a lot of people , shopping online for insurance means plugging your personal information into a form and waiting to get called by a horde of salespeople . That 's not a good experience . Customers do n't want to just be added to a call list . They 're trying to protect the wellbeing of themselves and their family ; being little more than a stepping stone for a salesperson to get closer to their quota is n't reassuring . Instead , we gave people a full shopping experience : go from research to application at your own pace , and only give up your contact information when you 're ready to take the next step in completing your application . And insurance is n't something that people think about all the time . That means you have a limited window to reach ( and keep ) them . How do you make the most of that time ? By giving them all of the information and tools they need to go through the whole process upfront without needing to jump through hoops . In other words , do n't waste their time . Showing them the opportunity and value of life insurance through educational content and an easy - to - use process gives users the confidence that they can buy a policy without hassle and benefit from it for years to come . It 's easy to write off digital experiences as only being appealing for Millennials . And even though Millennials make up half of our customer base , that means that half of our users SP are from older , more affluent segments - and yet they still use and enjoy our digital experience . Remember , they ' ve lived most of their lives in a world where TurboTax is the way millions of people do their taxes . They 're not new to this . Where do you integrate robo - advice ? Wherever you can in the funnel - which , as it turns out , is every step . SP For example , we customize content and advice so that we 're giving customers relevant information . Even though the advice is " robo " that does n't mean it 's impersonal . If you can translate the type of advice a human insurance agent would deliver in the " kitchen table conversation " into an algorithm , then you can deliver tailored advice in a self - service , automated fashion . That 's what our Insurance Checkup does : in five minutes customers can find out exactly what type of coverage they need based on their financial situation . It does n't stop there , though . We provide instant , accurate , automated quotes with advanced underwriting techniques ; at the evaluation stage , we ' ve built plain - English content and decision - support features that answer the most important questions insurance shoppers have ; our insurer report cards highlight all the ratings and customer " moments of truth " essential for the purchasing decision . Step by step , we make learning about , applying for , and purchasing insurance easy and self - directed . And what happens when you put robo - advisor tools in place in the funnel ? More than you 'd think . Our customers spend a lot of time on the research and decision - making steps of the process because we ' ve given them personalized content to dig through . They answer a lot of high - friction questions to get accurate quotes ( more questions than a typical UX / UI designer would think is possible ) and spend upwards of 10 minutes on our site per transaction . There 's only a few days between when they begin the process and when they finish their application , and a vast majority of our users do finish their application once they start - enough that we ' ve seen 20% month - over - month growth when the rest of the life insurance industry has stayed relatively flat . We ' ve done this by enabling people to buy life insurance the way they want to : with plenty of advice , on their own terms , instantly . We are n't all suited for robo - advice just yet . Whether it 's because we 're concerned about the security implications of entering all of our financial information online or we just like having an expert sit down with us and answer questions in real life , an agent works better for some people . Although we ' ve been able to reach across generational gaps at PolicyGenius , studies show that older generations ( sorry 35 year olds , you 're an " older generation " now ) are more likely to prefer a face - to - face experience at some point , while younger people are more comfortable with a fully online process - according to an AXA survey 34% of Millennials want to interact with their insurer solely online , and 8% do n't want to interact with them at all . But it 's not just an age thing . Whether or not people want to apply for life insurance online depends on their needs and their do - it - yourself orientation ; where they fall on that spectrum dictates where you can fit robo - advisor tools into the process to make their experience as seamless as possible . SP On one end , you have someone with simple needs -- they just want a pretty straightforward life insurance policy , for instance -- and they 're comfortable going through it themselves ; you can automate every step of the process , from education all the way through to checkout . They do n't have to talk to a single person if they do n't want to . Then you get to people who want to do it on their own but need an agent due to their financial situation : high net worth consumers with complicated estate planning needs are probably better served with a personal advisor at some point in the process . The inverse of the latter customer is the consumer who wants ( more than needs ) an agent but it may not be feasible for them to be supported every step of the way because it 's not cost - effective for the agent to handle every step of the process for them . For these customers , you can complement their journey with robo - advisor tools -- let them go through as much as they can on their own and having an agent step in only when necessary so the agent does n't have to invest too much in time or resources for a simple policy . And finally , at the other end of our spectrum , there 's the traditional agent model for anyone who does n't want to go through the process alone or SP has complicated needs that an experienced professional can help with . 69% of respondents to a recent Allianz survey said they do n't trust advice found online , so they 'd rather work with an agent than a robo - advisor -- so there 's still a market out there for them . The life insurance industry has been around for a long time . We 're not going to revolutionize it overnight . We do n't have to , and we do n't want to -- it 's a large , complex industry , and a lot of people still find value in the way it currently works . But we should n't fight the tools and technology that are available to us , and implementing robo - advisors is one of the incremental changes we can put in place to make buying life insurance easier for everyone . Jennifer Fitzgerald is the CEO and co - founder of PolicyGenius , a startup that provides online education and shopping for consumer insurance . Previously , she was a consultant at McKinsey & Co o , advising Fortune 100 financial service ...
We want to see you in New York for Disrupt NY 2017 , our annual celebration of all things startup . It 's a great time . You get to meet great founders and VCs and I 'd love to meet you personally when I run through the alley with our video team . Hardware is my favorite thing in the world and you 're some of my favorite people . Disrupt runs from May 15 - 17 and will be held on Pier 36 in Manhattan . I have a few discount tickets to give away . Let 's get you a table . If you are Kickstarting your project now or bootstrapping , please contact me at john@techcrunch.com with the subject line " HARDWARE ALLEY " and I will send you a coupon code . I will do my best to accommodate you . I only have a limited number of discounted spots so hurry ! What is Hardware Alley ? It 's a celebration of hardware startups ( and other cool gear makers ) featuring everything from robotic drones to 3D printers . We try to bring in an eclectic mix of amazing exhibitors and I think you 'll agree that our previous Alleys have been roaring successes . We 'd like you to register as a Hardware Alley exhibitor . All you need to demo is a laptop . TechCrunch provides you with : 30 '' round cocktail table , linens , table - top sign , inclusion in program agenda and website , exhibitor WiFi , and press list . You can reserve your spot by purchasing a Hardware Alley Exhibitor Package here .
Thinking back about how science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) was taught in the late 20th century brings back memories of tattered cubic building blocks and , if you were lucky , plastic magnetic rods . SP For the current generation of kids who receive tablets for their first birthday and an Apple watch the next , however , these aged tools hold decreasing power in getting them actively excited and engaged with STEM . To modernise STEM teaching , Adelaide startup Makers Empire has developed an app that allows kids to create 3D designs which can later be printed . To help teachers educate kids about STEM and other subjects using the app , the startup has also developed a guided education program and curriculum package . The curriculum and app apply to students from grades kindergarten all the way up to year eight , although the interactive functionalities are entertaining for all ages - something I can vouch for , having played with the app . Cofounder Jon Soong , however , explained that the app was originally intended only for young children and came without any direct teaching material for STEM , as partnering founder Roland Peddie begun developing Makers Empire as a helpful tool for his daughter to enjoy . " My wife 's a teacher and she said I should take it into a school , so we took it into a classroom to test . The students loved it and the teachers were really interested in how it could be used in their classroom to educate the kids , " said Soong . " Everything we read said 3D printing would become really important for STEM education in schools , and the more time we spent there the more we saw that there was a really big gap between where the hardware and software was compared to where the classroom education was . " As a way to facilitate the transition for teachers from traditional chalk - and - paper STEM teaching methods to using technology , the startup began developing an educational program . " Particularly for primary school teachers , we found they needed a bit of help getting the stage of focus on STEM . They do n't have the time to focus on just one or two subjects like a high school teacher , so we made it really easy for them by giving them a curriculum , " said Soong . Makers Empire 's mindset , according to Soong , was that if kids can be exposed to exciting , hands - on STEM learning early on , they will be at a big advantage when they progress into secondary schooling and also become more likely to choose STEM subjects as a result . SP Soong said their aim to develop a curriculum fell in line with the recent push schools and government organisations were exhibiting to improve STEM education and thus presented a rich opportunity , as schools look towards robotics , coding and 3D printing as key learning tools . For $ 25 a month , a teacher is able to access an online web portal featuring all the resources they 'll need to begin using the app to educate their students . SP This " teacher 's dashboard " also features an analytics section where teachers can review all their students ' designs , in addition to a tool that allows them to download 3D models for printing . " They download STL files , which can be used to print from any printers , which they can connect to wirelessly or with an SD card , " explained Soong . For schools that do n't have a 3D printer on - hand , Makers Empire offers packages which contain either a small or large printer , sourced from an external manufacturer . SP Each student is able to download the app for free and create their own unique account , which the teacher can tie into their dashboard . SP Once logged in , students are presented with a virtual workspace where they can they begin building using a set of tools . There 's a shape or blocking - type module that allows users to build objects brick - by - brick , as well as a character design tool that allows students to create , well , characters . Shapes can be added , reshuffled and moved using a simple drag and drop or touch motion to build an object . To allow students room for extra creativity , there 's also a free - drawing mode where users can create their own shapes to add . Once a drawing is complete , teachers are able to choose whether or not the design is " public or private " . Going public means classmates are able to vote on each others ' model , with the chance that a model will go ' viral ' and be featured on the Makers Empire website . " We have an algorithm in place that works similar to Reddit , where designs can be upvoted to the front page of our website and featured in the highscores section . This encourages students to work hard and be engaged through competition , " said Soong . Currently , the total number of designs is sitting at over 574,000 , a number attributed to the startup securing a number of client schools across Australia and internationally . SP Beginning with Adelaide , Soong said Makers Empire spread to Sydney and Melbourne before eventually heading to parts of Asia and the US to serve 40 different schools . SP To expand its offering to different schools and also host special workshops , the startup has formed partnerships with and worked beside companies including Microsoft , Afinia 3D , WestED , and Sphero . In order to fuel international growth and continue to expand domestically , Soong said the organisation is looking towards partnering with other key organisations , with talks underway . SP Although the business has raised $ 800,000 to date , Soong said the team may looked for additional funding to be able to gain a strong footing overseas . " We want to get to as many schools and students as we can . We would like to get larger rollouts to bigger educational organisations , whether that be huge districts in Australia or the US , " he said .
California has become a magnet for aspiring entrepreneurs and startup aficionados . But when you think California startups , you might think of Silicon Valley , the Bay Area , or even Silicon Beach . But some of the best startups and entrepreneurs might be hiding in plain sight . San Diego is one of those places . It 's " California 's best kept secret , " according to Will Smelko , CEO of Ora Organic . That 's why we took a look at San Diego 's startup community to find out how the lesser - known destination for entrepreneurship operates and what startup founders there think of it . Turns out , it 's a pretty awesome place for startups . Well , that 's if you 're ready for the San Diego experience . If you think the money meetings are happening in boardrooms and coffee shops , think again , as a margarita might be in your future . " If you 're raising money , be prepared for Mexican food , " says Doug Hecht , founder of Lymber . " Whether I ' m pitching or being pitched , it seems 70 percent of the meetings take place in a Mexican restaurant . " It 's not just the food that attracts investors to the city , San Diego has proven itself as a fertile environment for startup success and there are dozens of entrepreneurs to prove it . From the unique talent to the sense of camaraderie , San Diego offers a diverse range of opportunities and benefits that stand tall against its more popular counterparts in the state . Daniel Passov , President of Greek U , says there are so many resources and opportunities at your disposal : " It turns out that there are endless resources to help you build , grow , scale , and exit your business . And it 's right in front of you . You do n't need " open your eyes , " you actually need to open your mouth and start talking . Over the past few years , San Diego has become a community of startups . The sense of camaraderie within the entrepreneur community has given me unlimited resources to help in every aspect of my company . " Passov says that the entrepreneurial community is very selfless and want others to succeed : " Instead of withholding information or the " secret sauce " of their successes , entrepreneurs in the startup community in San Diego are willing to share it . This allows all companies in San Diego to grow together and put San Diego on the map to hire better talent and find more funding for new ideas . " Renne Catalano Gussman , Director of Business Development at San Diego Sport Innovators , says the entrepreneurs and executives who have found success want to share their knowledge with founders and mentor budding startups : " San Diego 's Sports and Active Lifestyle community and San Diego 's larger business and entrepreneurial community are incredibly collaborative and supportive of the growing businesses in San Diego . So many successful executives and entrepreneurs are willing to give their time and share their experiences to help up - and - coming startups hit the ground running . " Jurgen Schmerler , CEO of VerifiR , says there 's an extensive pool of talent that entrepreneurs can tap into : " Some of the best universities in the country are producing incredibly talented alumni in computer sciences and engineering here . Networks , like San Diego Sports Innovators , Connect , NDIA , and Biocom are ready to form bonds between tech startups , collaborators and customers in a wide variety of industries . It 's all there for us founders to take advantage of at no or minimal costs . " Jason Riggs , CEO of OSSIC , says the talent coming out of universities in and around San Diego are extraordinary : " OSSIC has been successful in hiring top talent from local universities and what we ' ve found interesting is that a lot of these individuals came here for school from tech centers like San Francisco and Los Angeles , but were looking to stay in San Diego and work for a startup after graduating . We are happy to help keep them here . " Matthew Veling , founder and COO of NumberBarn , says the employees really make each startup special : " When most entrepreneurs speak about their business they mention product , pricing , or innovation . However , in San Diego , the topic of startup culture always seems to end up back on one thing - employees . It may be the perfect weather or the robust opportunity in the city , but one thing is clear , San Diego attracts happy , top - tier talent - and the startups thrive because of it . " Jon Belmonte , co - founder and CEO of Spoutable , says they make for awesome teammates : " What I ' ve appreciated most about building companies and teams in San Diego is the quality of talent you 're able to attract , develop and retain here . Not only do folks bring very strong job - specific skills , i.e. sales , technical , marketing - in general , they have been some of the highest quality individuals with whom I ' ve worked . Great teammates , loyal and respectful towards each other ... on top of showing the drive , commitment and resourcefulness found in all successful companies . We could not be more excited to be creating Spoutable in San Diego . " Smelko says the combination of low cost , hip culture , and sense of community make the city something special : " The startup scene is so focussed on SF or LA that a lot of people are missing the cultural renaissance happening in San Diego . Seriously , there 's an organic eatery and a craft brewery on nearly every corner , a string of underground tiki bars and a theatre scene that holds outdoor Shakespeare plays ... You meet more fish in a bigger pond , but in a smaller pond like San Diego , the fish are a lot friendlier and more supportive . We 're able to attract more talented employees with a beautiful loft - style office right by the water in San Diego - something like that in Santa Monica would be 3 times what we 're paying . " Lisa Bicker , co - founder of PartyKroo , says the fast - paced startup culture vibes well with how accessible fellow entrepreneurs and resources are on - demand : " San Diego has an incredibly robust ecosystem for entrepreneurs . Our ability to quickly tap leading technology innovators who understand the lean and fast - paced culture of startups has given PartyKroo a nice head - start to building a successful on - demand business . I have also found the business community to be particularly welcoming with ready access to expertise , smart capital and a skilled workforce . If you have a quality business idea and plan , San Diego is the place to be . " Jenn Harris , CEO of Street Swings , says the relaxing atmosphere the city 's location provides adds a relaxing element to the stress of running a startup : " I love being an entrepreneur in San Diego because it 's so easy to have work - life balance . Even while pulling 20-hour days , you can still take an hour to meditate in the sunshine , take a long lunch to go surf , and refocus with a clear mind and fresh eyes . Startups in San Diego have a ' work hard , play hard ' attitude that is a great compliment to the entrepreneur lifestyle . This fits my startup especially well - being in the golf industry I can take prospects out to Torrey Pines and enjoy year - round perfect golf weather at a beautiful course . " Evan Harris , Co - Founder and CEO of SD Equity Partners , says it 's important to take a little time out of work to enjoy the beauty and culture of the city : " My one major takeaway throughout the process of starting SD Equity Partners is the importance of taking time away from work .. Ina startup , there are always things to work on , and if you let it , the work can consume your life . Leave work at work - get outside every once in a while and take in the amazing beauty and culture that San Diego has to offer . " Craig Cole , founder of Doppler , says San Diego gives you a wider space than most to fail gracefully and improve your business : " With [ San Diego ] not being labeled a main ' tech hub , ' this allowed us to freely make mistakes , beta test , even fail- without the fear of any skepticism within the industry . Instead it gave us the unique opportunity to work with a variety of people and places throughout the city , gaining perspective and constructive feedback upon each interaction . " Daniel Magy , founder of CITADEL , says San Diego is the best place for his business , but that funding can be difficult to attain at times : " If you are looking to get into security , defense or hardware there is not a better place than San Diego , there is incredible and affordable talent right here in our back yard . The only issue is that the funding landscape in San Diego beyond a seed round is very , very , dry . " Shaun Savage , founder and CEO of GoShare , says the only downside is that you might need to look elsewhere for funding : " San Diego is a great place to start a tech company . You have access to great talent coming out of the universities , a welcoming community of entrepreneurs and incubators like EvoNexus helping the startup ecosystem thrive . You may need to look outside of the city for funding but investors will give you the money if you have a good business . " One thing is clear : San Diego is becoming a juggernaut for entrepreneurship and innovation . Read more about the San Diego startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / peasap
Legal startups are disrupting the legal industry in a good way . These companies make it easier for lawyers , firms , business owners and regular people to navigate the legal industry . The top companies offering industry - changing products and services include : LawTrades aims to fix the broken law firm model . The company works with businesses in all stages : early , mid and late stage . The company works as an online marketplace , allowing for custom quotes via text message . The company 's on - demand legal service uses mobile messaging to cut costs and save consumers money . Businesses bootstrapping their way to success will find this service beneficial for : A few taps is all that 's needed to get in touch with a prominent lawyer . Clio is designed for lawyers . A cloud - based management software , tens of thousands of lawyers trust Clio to help them run their firm . The great thing about this solution is that law firms can stay connected and grow using the same scaling technology . The package offers : Professionally designed bills are created in minutes , and the software even connects directly to online accounting options , such as QuickBooks and Xero , to streamline a firm 's accounting . Ravel Law revolutionizes the way lawyers conduct research . The platform makes research and legal analytics a breeze while also ensuring the latest in big data is at the forefront of the legal profession . Legal professionals can extract a massive amount of legal data through the data services offering , and they can also gain access to : The company 's system works together with Harvard Law to provide the most robust research option to firms and their clients . Lexoo is a company based in the United Kingdom offering fixed quotes from handpicked lawyers in under 24 hours . All quotes are tailored , and you 'll be able to request 3 - 4 quotes on your job posting . Lawyers are checked to ensure only the most suitable legal professionals can provide you with legal assistance . A free , no - obligation call is offered from any lawyer chosen . Small businesses are the main users of the service , and they often seek help with : Users save as much as 46 percent on their services . There is no cost to the user when using the service . Rocket Lawyer may be too established to be considered a startup at this point , but the company 's services are a must - know for anyone needing legal services . The company 's robust services are offered for personal and business entities . The company has served over 7 million businesses , and users can : What 's neat is that the company offers monthly packages , which allows for : You can also make a slew of free legal documents on the company 's website that are legally reviewed to ensure that they protect your rights .
SP If you do n't succeed , try and try again . Unless you are a surgeon . But this is all about to change , using nothing but pixels and data . SP SEE ALSO : This stem cell gun helps burn victims regrow their skin in just a few days Touch Surgery 's cofounders , Dr. Jean Nehme and Dr. Andre Chow , are young surgeons who taught themselves how to code . Now , they 're on a mission to transform medicine - by digitalizing it . SP Practicing an acute trauma craniotomy Image : SP GIF via touch surgery Touch Surgery , a UK - based medical training startup , has developed an immersive surgical simulator that replicates complex procedures , breaking them down in steps . It 's available in app form , allowing users to transform their fingertips into scalpels on the go . That way , surgery newbies can attempt complex procedures all they want , without risking actual lives . The next step is to deliver the immersive and freakishly realistic 3D animations in VR form . Practice makes perfect . Traditionally , young surgeons do n't really get any trial and error sessions before they step into the operating room . It 's kind of like learning to fly a plane without using the flight simulator . This is changing , thanks to apps like Touch Surgery . After visiting their enormous two - floor space , I attempted a simple hand surgery , step by step , in thin air , while wearing a HoloLens headset . SP No patients were harmed in the writing of this article . SP The simulation itself is pretty straight forward and your actions as a digital surgeon are limited . You can only strictly follow the steps outlined . So no impromptu incisions . You also ca n't see what happens if you do something wrong like puncturing a vein . ( So it 's nothing like the board game Operation . ) This makes the simulator a bit constrained and rigid in its virtual representations , but maybe that 's the point . Touch Surgery is supposed to prepare surgeons for the specific steps they need to take on the operating table . It 's about helping them improve their decision - making and making it as close to the real thing as possible . SP Image : SP GIF via Mashable The Touch Surgery office harnesses far more than strictly medical expertise . There are people coming from the visual effects industry ( more specifically , the world of Star Wars ) , mobile and gaming developers , and graphic designers . " We 're able to replicate 3D anatomy and 3D surgical process to a really high degree of fidelity . And we use that to put surgeons into the right mindset to make sure that they 're making decisions as realistically as possible , " Dr. Chow said . SP A post shared by Touch Surgery ( @touchsurgery ) on Sep 1 , 2016 at 11:08am PDT They are now collaborating with universities and hospitals to fine - tune and expand the procedures that can be simulated . There are already over a hundred . Touch Surgery has also been picked up by John Hopkins University as part of the procedure evaluating novice surgeons . SP The app itself has grown in popularity , with over a million users around the world . Interestingly , a significant number are actually patients . Dr. Chow said Touch Surgery has the added benefit of allowing patients to actually see what the procedure that they are undergoing would look like . That demystifies surgeries from the patient 's point of view , which tends to be entirely limited to just before being put to sleep and right after waking up . SP The ultimate goal is going global , with the incredible spread of smartphone use across the world . SP Precision is key . Image : SP GIF VIA TOUCH SURGERY " There are around 7 billion people on the planet , but 5 billion people do n't have access to safe surgical services , " said Dr. Chow . " That 's why we created Touch Surgery - to be part of that story that helps scale surgery to really meet global demand . " SP Essentially , what the simulator is intended to do is transform access to surgical training and achieve a sense of equality in surgical training around the world . SP In other words , one day you wo n't need to find the best surgeon to perform a complex brain surgery or hand transplant , because surgical services , uniformly , will be able to provide care at a very high and risk - free standard . SP " Ultimately , " Dr. Chow said , " we want to be at a stage within the next five to ten years , where we can be saying that what Touch Surgery does saves lives . " SP
Innovega 's eMaccula system uses contact lenses to help wearers ' eyes focus on small screens mounted on the glasses lens . ( Innovega Photo ) SP The startup journey is often a sprint , a mad dash to raise capital and release products . But augmented reality startup Innovega is betting that slow and steady will win the race . The company generated a lot of buzz a few years ago around its augmented reality ( AR ) glasses and contact lens system eMacula -- previously called iOptik -- which has been in development since 2008 . But for the past three years , Innovega has been flying under the radar as it quietly raises capital and prepares for eMacula 's commercial launch . Innovega co - founder and CEO Steve Willey tells GeekWire that the startup just closed a funding round of about $ 3 million led by Chinese digital media giant Tencent , parent company of the popular social media platform WeChat . Former Tencent CTO Jeff Xiong also serves on Innovega 's board , and Willey said China will be an important market for eMacula . This is the first private funding the startup has sought , having previously received funds from DARPA , the National Science Foundation , and the National Institutes of Health . It brings Innovega 's total funding to about $ 10 million , Willey said . He also said eMacula has completed necessary clinical trials and is pending review by the FDA . Because the system involves a contact lens , it must be approved before the startup can begin commercializing it . SP As Willey explains , the company has been playing the long game because it is pushing for an augmented reality system unlike any on the market . " The consumer 's got an extremely demanding specification , and we took that as something we needed to meet , " Willey said . In other words , the company asked : how can we develop an AR device with good optics that is also lightweight , comfortable , looks cool , and do n't run out of battery constantly ? Innovega 's answer was a tiny screen and an even smaller lens . Here 's how it works : a one - square - inch screen is attached to the inside of a pair of glasses , sitting about half an inch from the wearer 's face . At that distance , our eyes ca n't naturally focus on the screen . So Innovega developed a high - powered contact lens that adjusts the wearer 's vision so she can focus on objects extremely close to her face . SP This high - powered lens also corrects vision like a normal contact lens and can be worn with or without AR glasses . The versatility of the system means it could also be used to view media projected directly onto the lenses of glasses , Willey said . He said the company is focusing on the platform 's hardware , and will work with other groups to link it to various media sources , such as smartphones . This means eMacula could be used in a variety of settings , including in the military . The startup actually began work on the system by winning a bid from DARPA , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . " We did work in the defense community because they had a very similar problem , " Willey said . " They said , ' we ' ve got these so - called War Fighters , and they 're wearing these Oakley - style field glasses . And we ' ve got media galore from satellites and cameras and drones , but how do we get it to the troops in the field ? ' " Although the startup has since parted ways with DARPA to pursue a commercial product , Willey said there was the possibility the military could use an adapted version of the eMacula system after it has been launched commercially . He also said the high - powered contact lenses could be used in a medical setting , to correct vision in certain patients . Innovega was founded in 2008 by Willey , optometrist Dr. Jerome Legerton , now the company 's Chief Clinical and Regulatory Officer , and Randall Sprague , who has since left the company . The startup 's headquarters are in Bellevue , Wash. , with two manufacturing facilities in California and about 10 employees spread between the two states .
I want you to travel back in time with me twenty years or so . SP The Internet is young and still relatively unknown to most of us . SP Only a small group of web enthusiasts understand how to navigate it -- let alone make a buck on it . SP At this time , a handful of savvy prospectors have begun to take notice of the commercial potential behind this remarkable new technology . SP Silently , they begin buying up domain names , also known as virtual real estate , that will soon dwarf the appreciation potential of any real estate investment in physical world . SP In a few short years , their early investments will pay off in a way that few could have ever imagined , as businesses around the world scramble for a presence in the greatest marketplace the world has ever seen . SP Fast - forward to a few years later and take a look at some of the eye - popping numbers that buyers have paid to acquire some top .com domains : In fact , over the past two decades over a billion dollars of premium domain name deals have been reported and documented - with potentially billions more in stealth , under - the - radar sales that have gone unreported . SP If someone had told you , back in the mid - nineties , that a simple " domain name " could fetch these outrageous prices , you would probably not have believed it . SP Yet as incredible as these prices seem to the average person , to a business looking to be found amidst the clutter and confusion of today 's Internet - a short , meaningful , memorable domain name is well worth the premium price tag . It has often been said that " domain names are the real estate of the Internet . " Just like physical real estate in the offline world , virtual real estate has a value that is directly related to variables like supply , demand and location . SP After - all , a well - placed domain name can help businesses and brands to better connect and engage with consumers , garner coveted internet traffic -- and stand out from the competition . Until recently , .com was really the only game in town , and the scarcity of premium .com domains helped to justify the multi - million dollar price tags . SP But the internet has come a long way in the last two decades - and thanks to a recent change in internet governance approved by ICANN ( the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ) - today there are over a thousand new dot anythings and dot everythings available for individuals , investors , businesses and brands to choose from . SP In what has come to be known as the " not - com " revolution , over the past three years , close to 28 million domain names have been registered across 1200 " new " top - level domain extensions - including hobbies ( e.g. , .yoga , .baseball ) , professions ( e.g. , .law , .health ) , distinctions ( .guru , .ninja ) and cities ( paris , .melbourne , .nyc ) - among other things . SP More new top - level domains mean more options for individuals , businesses and brands to choose from - and less perceived scarcity . While the premium values of " new " domains have yet to come close to the stratospheric prices of .com domains during their heyday , make no mistake about it -- there is value to be found if you know where to look . Unfortunately , you ca n't turn the clock back two decades to take advantage of the .com boom . SP But the good news is that the internet is still just a baby . SP If you pay close enough attention , there are still many opportunities to leverage today 's new domains to find and create value - and to build meaningful brands . For example , here are just a few sales that demonstrate the premium values buyers have placed on certain new top - level domains names in the past couple of years . Perched atop the most prime piece of physical real estate in the world , New York City is arguably the world 's most iconic city . SP " The Big Apple . " " The Capital of the World . " " The Center of the Universe . " " The City that Never Sleeps . " Thanks in part to the strength and power of New York City 's brand , NYC is now well on the way toward creating one of the most valuable digital domains on the Internet . SP As part of its commitment to take the lead in digital innovation , 3 years ago , the City of New York launched the .nyc ( pronounced dot - nyc ) top - level domain , creating an official web address exclusively for the use of the people , businesses and brands of New York City . SP Competing with legacy domains like .com , .net and .org , the .nyc domain gives New Yorkers the ability to connect and transact business through a shared location , and to showcase their affiliation with NYC as an enviable component of their success . SP In addition to serving as a powerful city branding and public diplomacy tool , the .nyc domain provides individuals and businesses a branded space for expression and development -- and a sense of community that unites New Yorkers as a force in the global internet . According to namestat.org , .nyc has become the largest domain extension of any city in the world - beating out other major global cities for the distinction , including .London , .Berlin , .Tokyo , and .Paris , to name just a few . SP While most .nyc domain names sell for a retail price of + /-$25-$35 , domain buyers have demonstrated that certain .nyc domain names have more intrinsic value than others . SP In a series of open and transparent domain auctions , here are some of the premium values that New Yorkers have placed on select .nyc domain names during the past few years . Domain names like these are considered premium for a variety of reasons , including factors like popularity in search , social trends , keyword value , brandability and category definition . SP Premium domain names can help to drive consumer engagement , media attention , search engine traffic and sales - that 's why they are so valuable . Right now , some of the highest value premium domains available in the .nyc namespace are up for auction . The auction , celebrating " Tech in the City , " is showcasing 26 of the most meaningful , memorable tech category names like , apps.nyc , startup.nyc , gaming.nyc , UX.nyc and more . SP The auction also features names like VC.nyc and Angel.nyc , for the benefit of the investors who have helped to fuel the City 's tech growth . The .nyc tech domain auction is taking place online from now through May 18th , 2017 . SP You can get all the details at www.auctions.nyc . SP As New York City 's digital landscape continues to evolve , the ones to benefit are those first to the game . If you want a chance to own a part of NYC digital history , be sure to check out the full list of premium domains below and get your bids in before May 18th at http://www.auctions.nyc . Bidding starts at just $ 500 to ensure that this opportunity is accessible to all residents , students , entrepreneurs , and businesses . SP Just remember , .nyc is an exclusive benefit for New Yorkers - so only individuals and businesses in the five boroughs are eligible to participate . And hurry , or your chance to own one of these premium .nyc tech domains will be gone in a New York minute ! This article is brought to you by our partner Neustar , the domain registry that brings you .us , .co , .nyc , .biz , and top level domains .
When a car company issues a recall , it 's typically on dealerships to reach out to affected customers . But since vehicles can change hands , leaving records out of date , dealers are n't always able to provide drivers with this at times vital information . One company that addresses this issue is Recall Masters , founded by programmer Chris Miller . Recall Masters , which employs 20 people and even a lobbyist in Washington , D.C. , collects data from more than 50 different sources , then utilizes machine learning to analyze it . The startup can then determine if a vehicle qualifies for a recall and who its current owner is -- even if it has been resold multiple times -- by poring over billions of transactions , according to Miller . He dubs the process " digital forensics . " SP " We then make it possible for dealerships to contact those vehicle owners and get them in to have their recall fixed , " Miller told Entrepreneur in an email . " The aim of everything we do is to protect automotive businesses and consumers and help [ original equipment manufacturers ] and dealers build lasting customer relationships . " You only have to consider the Takata airbag scandal to see the need for a solution such as Recall Masters . The Japanese company pleaded guilty on Feb. 27 to wire fraud charges after it was discovered that executives had attempted a cover - up of its defective airbags , which have been responsible for at least 16 deaths . Four car companies -- Ford , Honda , Nissan and Toyota -- were also recently sued over their alleged knowledge of Takata 's problematic airbags , which have shot out shrapnel at car interiors . The federal government " does not collect or keep data on the number and how dealerships deal with recalls , " the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration told Entrepreneur via email . According to Recall Masters data , however , 61 million vehicles were recalled in 2016 , setting a record for the most vehicles recalled within a single calendar year . The company brings in revenue by selling its software - as - a - service platform to dealerships , automakers and car rental companies . " Being a relatively new upstart in an established industry resistant to change , Recall Masters had to very slowly secure relationships and centralize data across every major automotive manufacturer , " Miller says , adding that the company was in " incubation " for six months . Most of Miller 's prior experience has been in building marketing automation software , including a stint at Criterion Networks . He 's worked with financial institutions such as HSBC and Washington Mutual as well as car companies such as Mercedes and BMW . He invested $ 500,000 of his own money to build Recall Masters . Now , he says , the company is looking to raise funding and receive a valuation of more than $ 40 million . Stephen J. Bronner is news director of Entrepreneur.com . He occasionally writes about technology , video games , food and fitness .
Adding another accelerator program to Australia 's growing slate is global organisation Techstars , which announced today the introduction of the Techstars Adelaide Accelerator Program , which will look to help startups develop and commercialise technologies applicable to the defence and security industries . Techstars program , which has graduated 900 startups since 2006 , has been designed to back startups dealing with big data , sensors , Internet of Things , and robotics . SP Kicking off in July , participants will undertake a 12 SP week program exposing them to a network of mentors , investors and founders from the related industry , including corporate partners such as Rheinmetall , Thales , Austal , and DCNS . SP These corporate partners will offer the participating businesses access to advanced technology and research , with the potential opportunity to develop and commercialise technologies related to the security and defence sector . David Cohen , cofounder of Techstars , said , " Defence research has driven some of the most transformative consumer innovation the world has seen , from the internet and GPS to superglue and digital photography . " Minister for Defence Industry Christopher Pyne added that the accelerator supports the Turnbull Government 's own initiatives to progress defence innovation in Australia . SP " This is a welcome and encouraging step for new collaboration across [ the ] defence industry , which will be critical to meeting the challenges of the future , " said Pyne . " Initiatives such as these are very welcome and will support the defence market to mature advanced technologies to a level that are ready for Defence consideration . " The arrival of the program in Adelaide comes as the Government invests much of its Defence spending in Adelaide . A Centre for Defence Industry Capability ( CDIC ) in Adelaide and online Defence Innovation Hub were launched late last year . The CDIC identified Adelaide as a key location for global innovation and defence infrastructure , with over $ 100 billion worth of industry projects currently in the pipeline . SP Discussing Techstars ' place in Adelaide , Cohen said the city " fits the bill perfectly " . He said , " Not only is it ranked by the Economist Intelligence Unit as the fifth most liveable city in the world , it has been recognised by the G20 for its coordinated support for entrepreneurship . It is a tech - forward city that is building sophisticated infrastructure for startups . Last year it became the first international ' GigCity ' , and Cisco 's only ' Lighthouse City ' for innovation in Australia . " Though to be based in Adelaide , the program will be open beyond Adelaide and APAC to global startups . The ten chosen startups will receive the accelerator 's standardised funding amount of $ 164,200 ( $ 120,000 USD ) in exchange for equity . The program will be led by an Australian - based managing director , with Techstars currently looking for candidates . SP You can learn more about the program here .
With technology exploding and skill sets broadening , the remote work revolution is in full swing . Not only are millennial employees reveling in the flexibility of working from home , they 're also enjoying the chance to showcase their skills without moving to larger cities . And while setting up a home office can keep you motivated , coworking spaces are quickly becoming the new norm for remote employees . As a remote team ourselves , Tech . Co understands the importance of having a coworking space when it comes to getting work done . In that vein , we set up a few of our employees at WeWork Kinzie , one of their Chicago locations in the heart of downtown . As a result , our team has enjoyed a wide range of benefits that our respective living rooms could not have provided . What kind of benefits ? Take a look below and see for yourself : No matter how much time you spent setting up your home office , nothing compares to having a specific place for work projects . Whether you have a team space with multiple desks like us , or a single desk office for your remote working ways , having an actual office goes a long way in promoting productivity . SP A coworking space is more than just a physical office to put your pens , pencils , and files . A coworking space is somewhere you can go to meet motivated individuals that love to work hard and network . Plus , it never hurts to have a work best friend . SP If you work from home , you have to admit : it 's hard to get motivated . Whether you 're stuck in front of the TV or behind your home office desk , do n't you find yourself yearning for a dedicated space to actually get some work done ? SP Sometimes , working in the office can get a bit cramped . Besides , who needs privacy when you 're surrounded by like - minded professionals that just want to get the job done ? Most coworking spaces having public areas for people that want to work while lounging on comfortable couches , plush chairs , and stylish ottomans . SP Your mouth will start watering when you hear about the amenities found in most coworking spaces . From the basics , like water coolers and microwaves , to elegant additions , like beer taps and coffee machines , you 'll feel right at home when you need an afternoon snack break . SP The words are typically only used on band posters and wedding invitations . But at WeWork and many other coworking spaces , you can find a litany of beer taps flowing with everything from IPAs and stouts to lagers and ciders . The pleasure of a cold beer is no longer limited to your living room at home . Now , rewarding a hard day 's work is only a few steps from your office . SP This article is part of a WeWork content series . WeWork provides shared workspace , community , and services for entrepreneurs , freelancers , startups and small businesses . Read more about WeWork here .
Smyte 's Pete Hunt YouTube / Facebook Developers Remember back in 2012 , when Facebook stunned the world by spending $ 1 billion to buy the 13-person startup Instagram ? The purchase seems almost quaint now , when the Valley is overrun with billion - dollar startups , but it blew the minds of Silicon Valley at the time . It was also the turning point in the career for one early Facebook employee , Pete Hunt . Today Hunt is the cofounding CEO of a security startup called Smyte . But he is better known as one of the fathers of a Facebook - born technology for programmers called React . React is one of the most popular open source projects Facebook has ever released and it turned Hunt into a star in the web development world . All thanks to Instagram . And while his startup is n't based on React , its early success is a direct result of how he turned React 's initial haters into fans . Back in the summer of 2012 , Hunt became known inside of Facebook for working on its photo and video features . He and his team had spent the previous year thinking of Instagram as the enemy . Pete Hunt Pete Hunt Then Instagram was suddenly a massive and controversial part of Facebook and Hunt was assigned to bring Instagram into the Facebook fold . " I was the first engineer to go over from Facebook to Instagram . I was the corporate drone , " Smyte tells Business Insider . " They were super nice . But it definitely was like I was the first external person dropped into their tight - knit team . " Hunt was tasked with building Instagram 's first website . The first step was bringing it into Facebook 's " trust and safety " systems -- the tools that protect users from bullies , and fraud , as well as watching for evidence of hate speech or crimes . The second step was to solve a serious technical problem . The company 's database was struggling under the load of all those photos , so to build a website that could grow as Instagram grew , he could n't just add more computer servers . He was going to have to build the app using JavaScript , which makes the PC do most of the work of rendering the photos , not the servers . He started exploring the best ways to do that and came across another Facebook employee , Jordan Walke , who had been working on a " cool " side project to do this , Hunt describes . It was n't a polished tool but he bet Instagram 's website on it anyway . This became React . Hunt was hooked on React and kept adding features and improvements . Word about React grew at Facebook . " More and more products inside Facebook had this same set of problems and wanted to use this technology . This includes mobile search and ad placement , " he says . By 2013 , React had become really popular inside of Facebook and Hunt was known as one of its gurus . The React team decided to share their creation -- free and open source -- with the world at a big Javascript developers conference . " By this time , this technology had been through the ringer . We knew it was awesome and everyone was super excited about announcing it , " he said . But when they showed it off , people hated it . While the team was on stage demonstrating React , the reaction was merciless , Hunt recalls . " Everyone was being super mean on Twitter and Hacker News , " he says . That 's because React involved a new way to organize a web project that involved mixing and matching code written in different formats , something that was always considered to be a major , sloppy no - no . And the team was skewered for it . It was demoralizing . React has become one of the most popular open source tools on the site that stores and shares tools , GitHub , GitHub Hunt , who knew how React was helping Facebook , was n't having it . So he created a talk that addressed all of the criticisms and hit the road giving that talk at other Javascript conferences . He also took on the haters directly on Twitter and Hacker News . " I read every comment and replied to every one , " he said . After a while , other people started replying as well , and posting the YouTube link to his talks . React took off . And he became a very popular speaker . " I was flying around the world to different countries every month giving talks . I was flying business class , the conferences were paying for me to come . I felt like a rockstar , " he said . Until one night , when he was at a conference party in Barcelona at 4 a.m. and he looked around at his adoring fans and realized " It was me and a bunch of nerds . And I was like , ' well , I sort of made it . ' " He knew he wanted to do something bigger . The startup bug had bit . He decided his startup would not be based on React but on trust and safety , the first thing Instagram had had to figure out . " There 's a trail of dead companies because they could n't do trust and safety . Yik Yak , Secret , and Twitter is struggling with this too , the abuse problem , " he said . Smyte founders , Julian Tempelsman ( left ) ; Pete Hunt ( middle ) ; Josh Yudaken ( right ) Smyte His success with React and Instagram " was enough for me to have courage to leave Facebook . But I did n't think I was the guy to build it . I needed a cofounder to help me . But even as a so - called celebrity rockstar , I could n't get anyone to quit their job and join me , " he said . He knew the cofounder he wanted , too : Julian Tempelsman . He had met him on the stairs of his apartment wearing a Toga when they all attended a party in his apartment building . It turned out Tempelsman was working on similar security systems at Google and they spent that evening talking about a potential startup . But Tempelsman did n't want to leave Google . After almost a year of pestering , Hunt told him , " I 'll quit my job and we 'll do the fund raise and if it does n't happen , you do n't need to quit your job . If it does , you can still come in as an equal partner " he said . He met his other cofounder , Josh Yudaken , at Instagram . Yudaken was itching to go out on his own , got curious and when Hunt quit Facebook , he jumped in . It did n't take long for Tempelsman to join , too . And it did n't take long to find some seed money . " The seed founder was a friend of a friend of a Google cofounder . I had lunch with him and he wrote a check , " he said . Smyte got accepted into the startup factory known as YCombinator and quickly raised another $ 2.25 million from a number of backers including Instagram VC Steve Anderson at Baseline . It just raised another $ 4 million A round last month . He still contributes to React . And it turns out that his fame in that world , and the way he chased down the haters is helping Smyte win business . " My classic move to get into companies [ for a sales meeting ] is I see question on Stack Overflow , " he says , referring to the website where developers ask each other questions . " I tell them , ' I ' m happy to go in and give your guys a tech talk on React , and since I ' m doing you a favor , can I meet with your team for 20 minutes ? It gets me in the door . " While the startup is n't profitable yet the tactic is working . " We have over tripled our revenue in the past 6 months . We have dozens of customers , and around 100 million monthly active users and monitor tens of thousands of events per second , " Hunt said . Smyte formally launched its product in 2015 and has landed such customers as Indiegogo , GoFundMe , Quora , Medium , Meetup , Task Rabbit and others .
We all want to believe that people are on the up and up when it comes to making a deal . However , sometimes going into a negotiation with a company or client turns out to be far from what you expected . We asked four entrepreneurs to share early warning signs of a bad business deal and how to avoid it . Take a look at their answers below and keep your wits about you during a negotiation : This is n't the case for every business , but I ' ve come across a few startups that attempt to offer a piece of the pie ' when they hit it big " or ' when they get funding ' in lieu of paying for that essential marketing or publicity launch campaign . These ' offers ' do n't fly with my business model . Everyone has ideas . Execution and taking those ideas to market is crucial to success . - Angela Delmedico of Elev8 Consulting Group Every company is different , but I have generally found that folks who rely on faulty business practices share a number of common traits . One of them is an over - reliance of concepts , like career advancement , or the insistence that they offer a great opportunity coupled with an unwillingness / inability to elaborate further . -Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates We have traditionally been very careful regarding the clients we choose to work with . We carefully vet each client to ensure they are a good fit and we see strong , long - term SEO potential . Unfortunately , if your clients ca n't pay their bills , they may not be managing their business well , and you may be the next victim trying to collect on an unpaid balance . It 's important to not let your clients get behind on payment . - Chris Rodgers of Colorado SEO Pros Listen to your intuition . If it 's too good to be true and everything seems to be moving too fast , then it 's time to slow down . Plant your feet into something solid and recenter yourself and your view of the business . -Arry Yu of Gift Starter Learn more about negotiations for your business here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Eurostar , the high - speed railway service from London to Paris and beyond , is challenging UK technology start - ups to pitch ideas that will improve its customer experience . Run in partnership with VivaTech , the challenge is looking for ideas that use tech to personalise & inspire frequent travel , use facial recognition to create an automated and personalised experience at the station , and explore how machine learning and artificial intelligence can do the same for the website , app and lounge experience . Ideas will be judged on four key criteria : their time to market , the experience and expertise of their team , their competitive advantage and their business model . Finalists will be invited to pitch their ideas at the Paris conference , travelling together and taking part in an on - board mentoring session . The overall winner will receive a paid pilot with Eurostar , while second and third place will get a year 's supply of Standard Premium tickets for two between London and Paris . Find out more about the Eurostar challenge and apply here .
Aside from the idea itself , the most important detail contributing to small business success is the actual funding to get that idea off the ground . There is more than one way to achieve the initial funding you need for your startup , and each ones comes with a set of pros and cons . One of the biggest questions to ask , though , is this : Do I want outside funding or to bootstrap ( or raise the money as I go ) my small business ? There are a few questions you should ask yourself before you make this decision . Check them out below before you pull the funding trigger : Not needing to repay a small business loan is certainly a tempting proposition . A business that bootstraps essentially starts selling goods or services and then uses the proceeds to keep building the business . Another positive part of bootstrapping is that you maintain complete control of your business . Usually when larger investors are involved , they want a say in what happens with your startup . They want to see a return on their investment so they speak up . When you bootstrap , no one is looking over your shoulder or demanding you change the way you want to run things . If you 're a business that does n't need a lot of cash or inventory to get started , bootstrapping is a good fit for your startup . If you can fund your initial costs , even if it 's a stretch , then bootstrapping could be the best option . The good news for entrepreneurs is that the lending market is opening back up . People are much more confident in the economy than they were just a few years ago , which benefits people starting small businesses . Here are just a few of the outside funding sources you could seek : You can head to a bank and seek a small business loan that is levied against your personal assets . You could also find money by refinancing your home , or seeking a second mortgage . These are legitimate ways to fund a small business , but to make sure you are n't selling yourself short , you 'll need to have a strong plan to repay those loans as quickly as possible . If you plan to pay back the money you borrow relatively quickly ( within 6 months to a year ) , then a business credit card works just as well as a loan . You will pay interest on any balance that is n't paid within a period - but the terms differ based on the business credit card you choose . You may be able to find one that gives you a little more time to pay without interest , or a lower interest rate than a bank loan , so do your research . Technology has made small business ownership easier , particularly when it comes to funding . There are many sites that have popped up to meet the demand of everyday investors and small business owners for short - term projects . You can list your small business needs on a crowdfunding site and see if any investors are out there . However , there is typically a slight catch to crowdfunding : you must supply in return for the donations . Just keep that in mind as you develop your crowdfunding campaign . If you offer investors a reward for investing instead of equity , then find a low cost and time efficient reward so you do n't end up spending a large portion of the investment on making good on promises . Selling your product at cost to investors before going to market is a great way to reward them for investing . Business loans are a great means to get the initial capital needed to start your business . There are many options ranging from SBA loans to term loans that lenders offer . Platforms like Fundera aggregate many different small business lenders to review your business and offer financing options . Before going out for a business loan , make sure to browse the different loan products to find the type that fits your needs best .
Startup ecosystems are taking root across the country -- Utah , Seattle , Dallas , Denver , Chicago , New York City -- and they 're all looking to copy the formula Silicon Valley made so successful . According to SSTI , venture capital seems to be flowing across the entire country , with New York seeing $ 4.4 billion invested , Colorado $ 800 million , Georgia $ 836 million , Arizona $ 113 million , Delaware $ 98 million , Nevada $ 45 million , Ohio $ 300 million , Illinois $ 1 billion , Idaho $ 2 million , Kansas $ 50 million , Indiana $ 54 million , Florida $ 864 million , Connecticut $ 563 million ... the list goes on . While these startup ecosystems are growing , nothing compares to Silicon Valley , which saw a whopping $ 27.2 billion , accounting for 47 percent of total venture capital invested into companies . Still , there are many benefits to growing a business outside of Silicon Valley : less competition for talent , more of an opportunity to establish oneself and one 's business and fewer billion - dollar titans overshadowing everyone . Nevertheless , the Valley remains ascendant . So the question these cities , along with any others looking to grow their technology hubs , must ask themselves is , " How can we tap into Silicon Valley 's resources to improve our economy ? " Cultivating the next Apple , Google or Facebook can create thousands of technology - related jobs , which would have a huge impact on any local economy in a short time . However , without the proper resources from investors and technology mentors , it is no easy feat . Investors prefer to invest locally . It is also easier and cheaper for promising entrepreneurs to pitch their ideas to investors , and for investors to co - invest , when they are local . Considering that 300 + VC firms call the Bay Area home , along with thousands of active angel investors , startups outside of Silicon Valley are at a disadvantage when it comes to raising capital . None of this means Silicon Valley is the only place a startup can succeed . Nor does it mean every company seeking engineering talent and venture capital needs to pick up and move to Silicon Valley . That simply is n't feasible . What it does mean is that areas need to take a new approach to attracting venture capital and investor expertise to their city to help fuel their startup ecosystem 's growth . San Diego , for example , has tried , and succeeded , in attracting venture capital to their city . They ' ve gotten an infusion of $ 1.15 billion invested into their economy , much of it to their booming biotechnology sector . But is this a positive sign for San Diego ? SP Absolutely ! That $ 1.15 billion investment is a massive amount , but it accounts for only 2 percent of the total venture capital investments being made nationwide . San Diego has realized this disproportion of investment into their city ( comparative to the Bay Area ) and is pioneering a new strategy to work with Silicon Valley to grow . Ultimately , the key to growth for budding tech cities across the nation is to find a way to bridge the gap between their technology companies and Silicon Valley 's resources . Bridging the gap to Silicon Valley has become a priority to many venture capitalists who see the potential in other cities . The possibility for added growth and innovation is becoming increasingly apparent to many . Thus , satellite offices are beginning to pop up in the nation 's technology hub . Many see this as the ideal solution to bridging the gap . By creating a satellite office , a sort of " bridge " between your city 's startups and Silicon Valley , you can have the best of both worlds . You get the ( almost certainly ) lower operating costs of your city , and your " bridge " provides the presence in Silicon Valley from which companies can benefit . Many venture capitalists have even said they will happily invest outside of their home base if the opportunity is there . Investor Karim Faris has said investing outside of Silicon Valley is like a " breath of fresh air " and " each ecosystem thinks in different ways . They have expertise in individual domains that others are n't as strong in . It 's so fascinating to learn from . " Mike Krenn of the San Diego Venture Group is pioneering this new approach of helping companies in San Diego better connect with investors in Silicon Valley . They 're building a San Diego Business Hub in the Valley for Southern California startups to gain access to the investment capital Silicon Valley provides , without having to uproot their company . SP Other cities should consider doing the same . Think of these " satellite offices " as a window into Silicon Valley . You get a direct look at the talent and resources available in Silicon Valley . Perhaps more importantly , they get a look at you , as well . San Diego does n't look at Silicon Valley as competition , they look at it as a resource -- as should other cities . This way , startups in other cities do n't have to deal with the high cost of operating in Silicon Valley , but they still get the benefit of accessing the massive amount of capital centered there . It 's well known that venture capital talent flows through Silicon Valley like a river ; it makes sense to try to tap into that river rather than shift the tide . Indeed , you do n't need to be in Silicon Valley to reap the benefits of what it has to offer . There 's a better solution . Capture the best of both worlds with satellite offices . Satellite offices mean startups in any city have a way to reach out to the talent and capital in Silicon Valley , without packing up and moving out west . Giving companies in other cities a window of access to the resources in Silicon Valley may be the answer as competition gets more fierce . Valuations are out of control in the tech capital of the world , and investors are eager to diversify outside of their backyard . But most investors are not going to go out looking for that opportunity . In fact , for as many venture capitalists as there are interested in investing resources outside of the Valley , many more also refuse to invest in a startup outside of the Valley because of the density of talent there . What that means is you need a strategy so you do n't have to pull them . Go to where they are . Make it easy for them to meet with you and the exciting opportunities in your city . You can make it easier for you to meet with them , and you can make it a lot easier for them to take you seriously . This way , startups in other cities do n't have to deal with the high cost associated with operating in the tech mecca , but they still get the benefit of accessing the money and talent centered there . It 's well known that engineering talent flows into Silicon Valley ; it 's also highly competitive , and that makes it an excellent recruitment hub . With this strategy you have access to the venture capital and the talent , combined with the inherent advantages of your home city . That 's a recipe for fertile startup ground , and investors will begin to take notice of the companies with these competitive advantages . SP Related Articles Shipt raises $ 20 million to challenge Instacart and plants a flag for Alabama 's startup ecosystem You 're Not In The Valley Anymore After Years , Michigan 's Attempts To Build A Startup Ecosystem Bear Fruit The bottom line is this : Silicon Valley is a resource every city should be looking to tap into . It 's going to continue to lead the way and be an investor magnet . By attaching to that magnet , you 're growing the influence of Silicon Valley as well as reaping the benefits of it . A strategy of bridging cities helps everyone . Investors in Silicon Valley get an expanded set of opportunities delivered right to their proverbial doorstep . Meanwhile , your city sees an influx of new talent and investment money , providing a spark to your city 's economy . Bridging the gap , rather than worrying about whether you 're getting the biggest slice of the pie , will help solve the problem of cultivating any city 's local economy . That 's what 's happening as tech startups continue to pop up across the nation . It 's a win - win for everyone .
Global payments company Mastercard is searching for new startups to join its Start Path Global 2017 Class . Applications for the programme close on 23 April . The programme is accepting startups from SA as well as across the world who are operating within the banking and payments sector . Eligible startups need to have raised significant seed funding or series A investments . Other criteria for eligible startups are : " Fintech startups around the world are designing a digital future , " said the VP of Mastercard Start Path Amy Neale in a press release to Ventureburn . " They 're bringing a different approach to enhance customer choice and experience across the industry . " Our work with these startups helps connect new technology with reliable , secure financial networks and processes to create an even more rewarding and seamless commerce experience . " Through a six month virtual programme Mastercard will provide startups with operational support , mentorship as well as investment . Selected participants will also benefit by having access to Mastercard 's global network of experts as well as its customers and partners . Participants will also have access to Mastercard 's global corporate brands which span across banking , retail , tech and telecoms . Mastercard says the initiative has since 2014 received interests from more than 5000 startups . the programme has also worked with 100 companies across 24 countries . Through the first four rounds of the programme , 20% of selected participants have gone onto work with Mastercard in commercial engagements and pilots .
As in the previous years , we started 2017 with some research and the goal to create a list for each EU country which showcases some of the most promising startups that are worth following this year . Let 's start with Austria . The mountainous country is not only home to the awesome tech event Pioneers Festival , but also to a large number of successful startups . Also , the Austrian government is quite active in supporting entrepreneurs , as they passed a comprehensive startup program last year to make the country more startup friendly . Given the large amount of interesting startups from Austria , it 's been hard to narrow this list down , but we ' ve decided to go with just 7 promising Austrian startups out of different sectors . All of them entered the market within the last two years and each startup has something special to add to your business life or your personal web experience in 2017 . Byrd : The Vienna - based startup Byrd is a first mile shipping service which allows customers to ship items completely hassle free . They pick up the items , package them , and ship them with the best carrier for a small service fee . Founded in 2016 , Byrd offers a simple and effective logistic solution for millions of sellers , who are currently wasting resources on the shipping process . No more amateur packaging , post office queuing , and random carrier prices . In the summer of 2016 , Byrd secured EUR370 K in seed funding . SP Intellyo is an omni - channel lead generation platform powered by machine learning . The Vienna- and Budapest - based startup analyzes optimal communication on the web and proprietary traffic platforms and then produces hyper targeted content to reach your target customers . Intellyo 's systems drive the consumer through a dynamically adaptive consumer journey while delivering genuine information value throughout the journey . The promising startup was founded in 2016 with the goal to help companies improve their content marketing efforts . TaskWunder is an online marketing outsourcing platform where freelancers work on tasks like landing page optimization , Facebook marketing setup , content creating and design . The Vienna - based startup was founded in 2015 . It uses checklists , videos and online courses provided by industry experts to make sure that customers get state - of - the art online marketing solutions that drive revenue . Freelancers are qualified by completing tests and by constant feedback and working according to KPIs . This results in standardized high quality results as well as effective " on - the - job training " . Currently only available in German , TaskWunder will relaunch the site in a few weeks and will then also be available in English . pwnwin : Founded in the end of 2015 and based in the little Austrian town Mondsee , pwnwin is a free - to - win eSports competition platform for the most popular games that benefits both players , publishers and developers . Most of pwnwin 's services are free for everybody , while the platform gives its players the chance to win cash and prizes everyday . In December of 2015 , pwnwin secured EUR330 K in seed funding . According to SimilarWeb , pwnwin already counts roughly 1 million visits per month . Ticksa : The Vienna - based startup Ticksa created a pioneering per - click marketplace for content . With Ticksa anyone can monetize their content ( video , music , blogs , photos ... ) anywhere . It easily lets you upload your content , set the price and promote it by inviting your social media contacts . Ticksa also enables white label installations of its SaaS e - commerce , digital eco - system and partner enhancement tools . The ambitious startup was founded in 2015 and seems to have raised no venture capital yet . PowUnity is a POWerful commUNITY of freeski and extreme sports enthusiasts who use the NeverLose detection and anti - theft system to enjoy the freedom of exploring untouched terrain . PowUnity also offers a bicycle mount so that the NeverLose device can be easily transferred from your winter sports gear at the end of the season to your bicycle . The three PowUnity founders are avid skiers and started the company because of their passion for skiing and sports in general . The Innsbruck - based IoT startup was founded in 2015 . Minebox : The Vienna - based hardware startup Minebox is building data storage , archiving and backup solutions using NAS computers , blockchain technology , peer to peer networks , public - key cryptography and open - source decentralized data storage systems . In short : The power of Dropbox and Blockchain bundled in a box . Minebox secured an undisclosed amount of seed funding in 2016 . By the way : If you 're a corporate or investor looking for exciting startups in a specific market for a potential investment or acquisition , check out our Startup Sourcing Service !
startup pitches . Company : Ranksense . Headquarters : Iselin , New Jersey . Founding Team : Hamlet Batista . Why we like it : Ten web pages later and the marketing officer is sick of applying Search Engine Optimisation techniques onto each page . Pass the job onto the newest intern , who really only stuck it through to make a good first impression . SP E - commerce sites and large companies with numerous webpages on their site do n't have the time to optimise each webpage to boost it onto the first page of google . Yet ideally that 's exactly what they want , to market their service . Without eliminating the human empathy , large sites need tools to scale personal work across numerous pages and keep the marketer in control . This is exactly what Ranksense , an SEO automation platform for e - commerce sites , does . They are launching a machine - assisted SEO tool to help companies increase search rankings , scale and accelerate technical implementations , create compelling search snippets , conduct SEO experiments and measure SEO ROI . Sounds like they do a lot . Well translated into human time , it is . In machine time , not so much . Talking about time , using a machine to replace the human workload does n't mean that the marketer is now without a job . Instead , they have more time to focus on other tasks . Effective SEO comes down to Return on Investment -ROI . You would think that a human would be the only one able to assess what techniques are actually working . However , with the help of Ranksense , a business can gain insights and learn which optimisation strategies are actually working . A machine can analyse what words are matching up with the company 's preferred audience 's searches to see exactly where to place their brand . SP The team at Ranksense says , " We know there 's a large number of companies trying to meet client expectations and increase online traffic . We 're not here to compete but to help out the industry with innovative machine technology . " If you 're still not convinced , here 's one little detail to tip you over the edge - according to Ranksense 's clients , traffic has grown 46 percent year over year and revenue increase 84 percent . SP
Tousled CEO Priya Dandawate . ( Tousled Photo ) SP When Priya Dandawate was studying engineering at the University of Illinois , she moonlighted in local beauty parlors . She saw big inefficiencies in the salon industry that she thought the right technology could solve . The idea stayed with her through college and she could n't shake it in her years working as a developer for Expedia and a program manager at Microsoft . While still at Microsoft , she began working on Tousled , her idea to disrupt the salon industry with on - demand beauty and grooming services . " I realized that I would n't be satisfied until I left Microsoft and pursued it as a full - time endeavor , " she said . Shortly after leaving Microsoft , Dandawate met Melissa O'Neill Albert , a longtime marketing exec with over 20 years of experience developing brands . The two decided to take the entrepreneurial plunge together . " With her tremendous skills in marketing , PR , and business strategy , she is such a compliment to my skill set , " Dandawate said . " We have grown by leaps and bounds . " They officially launched Tousled in 2015 . Using the service , customers can request haircuts , manicures , massages , and other self - care services on - demand . Tousled suggests a licensed professional from the company 's network , who travels to the customer 's home , office , or other designated location . Tousled also does monthly pop - ups with companies in the Seattle region , like Microsoft and Facebook . We caught up with Dandawate for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for her answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " Tousled is a marketplace that connects clients with beauty , barbering and wellness professionals for services when and where they want them . " Inspiration hit us when : " Working as a software engineer at Microsoft , I kept thinking [ about ] applying technology to the outdated salon industry , where I spent many hours working while an engineering student . I kept thinking about the efficiencies and delight that technology could bring , especially given changing customer expectations . " VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " Bootstrap , because that is where you need to start , and now getting ready to close our Angel round . If you do n't put some skin in the game , we do n't think it is fair to ask anyone else to . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " The chemistry of our team and the fact that the foundation of our product is social . Yes , we are a marketplace , but we are also a beauty , grooming and wellness community . Tousled has Instagram and Facebook integration and is rich with shared photos , videos , conversations and content , leading to deep engagement . " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " Keeping our costs down while we test different strategies and product revs . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " We think of them as ' learning opportunities . ' Out of the gate , we assumed every tactic we used to get customers had to be ' scalable , ' but it is good to be scrappy when you are starting . You need to figure out your product - market fit so find your customers any way you can . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " We 'll take Sheryl Sandberg . If you believe the adage , ' if you want something done , give it to a busy person ' then who better than a woman ? Sheryl keeps breaking ground with open , honest discussion of challenges women leaders face and responsibilities we juggle , advocating for strong women networks , particularly in tech . " Our favorite team - building activity is : " Brainstorming . We love solving problems and , as a startup , we have new challenges every day . How do we automate certain information ? What new feature should be built into the product ? It is all in a day 's work . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " Passion and complimentary skill sets . We want people who believe in the vision for what we are building and can add value to our team - while not locking their knees . Flexibility is also key because the business grows in many ways you do n't expect . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " Roll up your sleeves and do n't think you are above doing any part of the business . Melissa and I are n't hair stylists , makeup artists or massage therapists , but , despite our work experience and education , we still sweep up hair , carry massage tables or go door - to - door soliciting customers . You have more respect for each role if you wear those shoes , and it helps you see your business from fresh perspectives . "
Startups put great effort into finding the perfect name . Ideally , it should be short , memorable , descriptive , and easy to pronounce . Names that meet all the criteria are commonly taken , however , so most founders find a compromise . They settle on a creative misspelling , add a word or just string together sounds they like . In the end , the hope is that a well - named startup will have an easier time attracting customers and capital . Observing companies founded and funded in the past couple years , it 's apparent that startups are often thinking along the same lines when it comes to choosing a name . They 're making reference to hot technologies like AI , opting for two- or three - word names , or simply making up words . " We 're surprised at how many names we can make up that sound like they should be in the dictionary , even if they 're not , " says Athol Foden , founder of Brighter Naming , a corporate naming consultancy . He 's also impressed by how many really good names come out of creative combinations of common nouns and verbs . We crunched through names of more than 1,000 startups founded in the past two years to look for trends . We narrowed the query to startups that have raised $ 200,000 or more in an effort to focus on names of companies that secured investment . Here is a rundown on some of the recent trends . Venture capitalists love artificial intelligence companies lately , and AI is a concise , universally recognized abbreviation . So it 's not surprising to see funded startups cropping up with " AI " in their names . We counted at least 23 funded companies founded in the past two years that have AI in their names . By far the biggest funding recipient with an AI name is Argo AI , a startup in the ultra - hot autonomous vehicle space that secured a $ 1 billion investment from Ford in February . Other sizeable rounds went to Aidoc , a provider of AI - powered medical imaging tools for radiologists , and Rulai , which incorporates AI into customer experience software . You might think it would be natural for a robotics company to call itself one . Looking at companies in the space that raised funding recently , that 's clearly the trend . Crunchbase records show at least ten companies founded and funded in the past two years with " robotics " or " robot " in their names . But in previous investment cycles , when the industry was less in vogue with venture capitalists , many companies chose names that did n't reveal their robotics focus . One of the most prominent was Kiva Systems , a developer of robot technology for warehouses that Amazon bought for $ 775 million five years ago . Others include Harvest Automation and Blue River Technology . Of course , there are also some older companies , such as Roomba - maker iRobot , that chose names reflecting their robotics roots . Giving companies a human first name is n't a new thing in startup circles . Perhaps the best - known startup in this category is Oscar , a four - year - old health insurance company that has raised over $ 700 million . Lynda.com , an online learning provider that sold to LinkedIn two years ago for $ 1.5 billion , also follows the first name trend . Perhaps Oscar , Lynda , and , more recently , Viv , served as an inspiration to others . In the past two years , we ' ve seen Albert , Lucy , Ollie , Penny , Pearl , Riley , and Yoshi crop up , among others . Extra points go to Aiden , an AI - powered tool for marketers , for scoring a brand that includes both an AI reference and a popular first name . Apple did pretty well with this strategy . Now others are hoping it 'll work for them . We 're seeing a number of tech startups turning to the grocery shelves for naming ideas in the past couple years . From the dairy aisle , we have Butter.ai , a digital personal assistant , and Cheddar , an online financial news network that closed a $ 19 million round this week . Representing the produce section , there 's Plum , an online saving tool . And from the bakery , we have Bagel Labs , developer of a smart tape measure , and Donut Media , a startup targeting auto enthusiasts . Is your dream startup name taken ? No worries . Just delete the " i " and replace it with a " y , " change that " c " to a " k , " or try a different vowel . Those are some popular techniques in creative misspelling that startups are using to secure names that sound like common words . Names featuring a " y " in place of " I " include Mylestone and Shyft Technologies . For the " c " and " k " switcheroo , there 's Kustomer and Kard . For other catchy typo names , see our list here . As Foden told Crunchbase News , founders ' creativity has allowed for a much wider array of catchy startup names than even naming professionals would have thought possible . He 'd predicted a few years ago that startups would turn to obscure foreign languages for names ; instead . they are still mostly using their native tongues . Startups have also managed to stretch out the name supply by going with two words , Usually , the first name is the brand and the second indicates sector . But according to Foden , the two - word naming trend is likely temporary for founders with big ambitions . Once a company passes the $ 100 billion valuation mark , it 's common to drop the second word . No one calls Cisco Systems anything but Cisco anymore . And as for Apple , most young people probably do n't even remember that it used to be Apple Computer .
Always following " best practices " is n't necessarily best for your own unique business . In the startup world especially , the further outside the box you think , the better . And if you do n't believe us , take a look at this inspiring interview . David Greenberg is the founder & CEO of Updater , the technology company revolutionizing how Americans move . By changing the industry , he set himself up for success while completing transforming the moving process . Check out an interview with him below : I really admire Michael Bloomberg , both for what he 's done as a business leader and for his contributions as a philanthropist . Do n't be afraid to veer off the typical pathway for fundraising and growing your business . Every business is different , so consistently following " best practices " is generally not a good practice . With so much well - documented advice out there today from venture capitalists and other entrepreneurs , take it all in but view everything with skepticism . You need to figure out the " best practice " for your own unique business . Only you can figure that out - not an outsider . There are three big mistakes that I made early on in my journey as an entrepreneur : I tend to stay up very late at night working from home on investor relations and strategy . Therefore , I come into the office on the later side , usually between 10 and 11 a.m. By the time I arrive , there are many emails waiting for me and it takes me that first hour to respond to the urgent ones . I hate slowing down my team , so I try to respond quickly to internal requests for advice or help . My team is familiar with the late night / late morning routine , so they send any urgent requests in the morning during my first hour - we 're in a great rhythm ! After that first hour , though , I try not to check my email again until much later in the day . For technology companies that are n't cash flow positive , your cash is your lifeline . You need to accomplish certain key milestones before running low on money so that you 'll be well positioned to raise more . The biggest cash flow mistake is actually wasting time on things that do n't move the needle to help you raise more money . Time is money , and you need to spend nearly all of your time accomplishing the milestones that will enable you to raise more money . Do n't take your eye off of this for even a day . Spending time on other things increases your risk of going broke . How about two things ? You know those people at your company who you know - deep down - are n't a good fit or are causing problems ? Time to let them go . Also , you know how - deep down - you need someone amazing to take either your sales , product , marketing or engineering to the next level ? Time to go find and fiercely recruit that person . Your success or failure is just a function of the people around you . I believe that success is achieved when your business does two things : changes an industry for the better , and makes people happy , both your employees and your customers . Read more inspiring interviews here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
As the internet 's " wild west " era comes to an end , the open internet 's promise of freedom has given way to siloed social networks as the gatekeepers that connect audiences with content . For marketers , that means one thing : It 's time to power up their social marketing chops , relying on strategic deals with influencers and brushing up on their best instagram memes -- fun fact : As of last year , the internet has " cared more about memes than about Jesus . " This need for high - quality content also presents an opportunity for any startup platform that can help spur the process . Which is just what GAIN is built to do : The startup is a marketing technology company that automates the social media and content publishing workflow for agencies and the like . Though just a six - person team , GAIN works with heavy hitters including Honda and The Weather Channel , and has enjoyed growing revenue ever year since its launch in 2014 . It 's also entirely bootstrapped . Here 's a Q&A with the company 's CEO and cofounder , Albizu Garcia , that covers what they do and how they do it . " GAIN simplifies and automates the content workflow for agencies , social media managers , and anyone working in teams . Yellow Pages , JWT , and McCann are just a few of the worldwide agencies using GAIN to gather approvals for content from their internal teams and their clients so they can control exactly what goes live on their social media channels . " " It seems like we 're seeing brands publishing inappropriate content on social media almost daily now ( Examples . More examples . ) and it 's safe to say that for most businesses , the culprit is the lack of a proper approval process . For any business managing multiple social media accounts with multiple contributors , having an approval process in place is crucial . Not only does an approval process ensure that your posts are appropriate for each account but it also helps minimize mistakes -- whether it 's poor timing , grammatical issues , or spelling errors . Unfortunately , managing a content approval process for each piece of content can be a nightmare for both the content creators ( i.e. agencies and marketing teams ) as well as the final approvers or clients . It can be time - consuming to email posts and feedback back - and - forth and keep track of every edit , comment , or request on each single piece of content . That 's why we created GAIN . GAIN works like your team 's very own content traffic manager , notifying the right people at the right time , gathering feedback from clients and stakeholders , and moving the process along for you until everything is approved . " " We never intended to create an entirely bootstrapped company . I had recently sold my stake at a large agency , and I wanted to move from directly servicing clients to creating technologies that would enable other agencies and marketing teams to simplify the process of servicing their clients . Being able to self - fund GAIN was key in allowing us to experiment and test our ideas following the Lean Startup methodology . Once we found traction , we continued experimenting using the lean model , and it was quickly apparent that we could continue growing GAIN without having to add headcount to our operation . So far , we are growing quickly , and we have hired carefully based on our revenue , always staying profitable along the way . " " Going through the Venture Hive accelerator program , the question about reaching out to VCs was continuously discussed . We always saw it as an option ; however , we were growing quickly , so it seemed foolish to raise funds and dedicate the time required to properly do this , especially when we were already making money . It simply did not make sense . Another key issue for me and my co - founder was control . We did not want to lose control or have the added pressure of outside capital on what we were building . The last thing that we wanted was to have to be constantly justifying any changes or pivots that we wanted to make as a company . We decided we would much rather fail on our own terms than raise capital from traditional VCs . All in all , profitability is key to our goals of maintaining independence . It brings a sense of confidence to the team that 's really unmatched . As long as we are lean and efficient about building the best solution and experience for the companies and teams that use GAIN , we have an unlimited runway . We 'd rather grow our company team slowly and carefully , instead of dealing with the challenges of assembling and managing a large team in a chaotic and uncontrolled manner . " " The challenges that we faced bootstrapping GAIN were pretty universal . For one , not having the resources to scale as quickly as we wanted was one of the most frustrating parts of the journey . But to be honest , I think having those limitations made us much more creative and less prone to waste time and money on nonessential things . " " If you are building a service or product for customers in the digital media world , make it beautiful and simple to use . The primary customers of GAIN are marketing and advertising professionals - mostly creatives and content creators . They are very innovative , so for us , creating a product that is clean , beautiful , and simple to use is our top priority . In the same way that many creatives would rather use iOS devices over Android , even if there are some clear limitations with iOS and Android could be considered to be more powerful and flexible , we ' ve worked hard to make using GAIN a pleasing experience for our customers , which helps alleviate any shortcomings our product might have when it comes to a customer 's specific use case . " Read more inspiring interviews here at Tech . Co
Tune in June 28 and learn how to unlock the power of customer data in our free webinar . SP Register Now > > Though his title may be a mouthful , The Global Director of Platforms and Product Partnerships for Messenger at Facebook has a singular vision : to make technology that levels the playing field for every person , no matter what . Anand Chandrasekaran is doing just that with Messenger , helping to further develop strategies for Messenger that have been incredibly successful , including the integration of open - API chatbots into Messenger . Messenger , which has more than one billion monthly users and more than 100,000 active developers building bots and AI powered conversational experiences , is one of Chandrasekaran 's passions . In his previous posts as CPO of Snapdeal and Bharti Airtel , Chandrasekaran was a leader at some of the world 's leading enterprises , and his own experience launching successful startups has given him unique insight into what both developers and consumers want and need from the AI that is coming onto the market today . I meet Chandrasekaran at Shoptalk and in the first of an in - person , two - part interview , I asked Chandrasekaran to give me a look into what wisdom he 's gleaned on bots , and how they will play a role in enterprise in the future . Newlands : What is your opinion on how bots are functioning in today 's marketplace , and what specifically stands out to you ? SP Chandrasekaran : I think it 's a very exciting time right now . As we took in all of the excitement about the platform , what we realized was : bots are not a one - size - fits - all use case . People want a variety of development options . What I mean by that is that businesses and developers want to know the customer really well , and then provide a great experience for them . For example , in the case of Gyant , they are a bot that offers a symptoms check for the Zika virus and offers other health - related information . They ask a lot of information to gain context , and sometimes they even ask for evidence or photos of the symptoms . Obviously , there are a lot of questions . But what they find is about 90% of the time , people who start on question number one get through all of the questions . This is one of the awesome things about Messenger platform experiences : you can make it super conversational while getting to know the customer . But not every experience requires this type of approach , like in the instance of airlines or telecom companies . They ' ve invested a lot in certain flows . They ' ve understood how their customers do what they do , and they ' ve mapped it out in terms of user experiences . Our goal is that the platform should empower them to leverage their existing infrastructure while still enabling them to build new and engaging experiences to make their customer interactions even better . So , today you can have a combination of a conversational and visual experience . For example , if someone wants to buy roses , they should be able to see a visual of flowers . But if you 're just saying " yes " or " no " to a number of questions , then it 's better to have conversational experience rather than open up something or having to click out of Messenger . What we are trying to do is give developers the canvas to build these creative opportunities . In messaging , what people find is while they like to be really expressive and share a lot of content , they also like the immediacy ; the person asks a question and I just say " yes . " The answers to , " What can a bot do , " are becoming far broader now . It can be a great user experience for airlines , or a telephone company , or a sports team offering experiences to their users . We are also seeing a lot of celebrities using chatbots to build relationships with their fans . A lot of celebrities are becoming entrepreneurs in their own right , and they are building one - to - one relationships with their fans , which is not unlike a brand developing relationships with their loyal customers . Newlands : What is your perspective on people selling through Messenger ? Chandrasekaran : We want to extend that opportunity to anyone who can benefit , though we feel very strongly about needing to set some guidelines on what constitutes a spammy experience for the consumers -- and that 's probably the only thing that we have a strong opinion about . We want Messenger to be a place where people feel comfortable getting high - quality signals and high - quality communication . I think our stand will be strong in that area , and somewhat unwavering . Newlands : If a business wants to sign customers up for a user experience , but then wants to sell products , are you in favor of that ? Chandrasekaran : What we find is that selling a product to a consumer is a conversation . Nobody comes to any platform and just buys . They have some questions , they want to choose from a couple of options , they might want to check if it 's the right size . Even in the real world , people like to have a conversation about what they are buying . In that regard , we feel that bots lend themselves nicely to a conversational user experience . In addition , there are only two options for consumers right now : the very low commitment experience of mobile web , and then the very high commitment experience of apps . For mobile web you do n't need your users to do anything -- SP they go to the page , but they 're probably not logged in , their payment information is not there , and so on . On the high end , they ' ve got an app , and all their stuff is there , but it 's a pretty high bar for someone to go download something and set it up . I think there is an intermediate experience , where people already have Messenger as do over a billion people , and already have a great experience on Messenger , so they are in between . Not to get very Goldilocks about it , but it 's neither on one end of the spectrum or the other ; it 's just right in terms of level of level of commitment and user experience . Murray Newlands is an entrepreneur , investor , business advisor & speaker . He is the founder of Chattypeople.com chatbot builder tool & Sighted.com . Read his blog MurrayNewlands.com .
Looking to get into the South African startup scene or catch up on some of your skills ? Well , you ' ve come to the right place . There are loads of competitions , networking sessions and workshops happening around South Africa and the rest of the continent ( namely Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana ) that we ' ve rounded up to make your life a bit easier . This article is part of a weekly series that highlights all the top startup competitions , networking sessions , workshops and conferences around South Africa , and the greater region . If you have any event recommendations for us to add to the list , or next week 's , please let us know in the comments below or send us an email . Not all of the events are free and some will require booking in advance . Please click on the event names to find out more information . Xtraordinary Women Networking Bashia Galt , the owner of BMG Marketing and SEO specialist will be giving a talk on how businesses can advertise with Google , effectively increasing its online presence . The programme will provide participants with insights on how the first page on Google is structured , ways to present your business on Google , stats on recent search behaviours as well as how to assess your business ' website and competition . The event is a paid event , with R195 to be paid via EFT or a cash payment of R220 into the organiser 's account to cover the deposit fee . No cash will be handled on the day . Date : 3 April , 8:30am to 10:00am Location : Beach Road , R44 , 7140 Strand , Western Cape , Cape Town Craft V 's Enterprise Workshop with Tim Holmes The MD of Sirdar , Tim Holmes , will be running a workshop at Barclay 's Rise office at the Woodstock Exchange on topics such as Craft vs Enterprise as and the Law of 3 Hats . He 'll also share his experience working with different sized companies both in SA and abroad . Date : 5 April , 12:00pm to 1:00pm Location : 5th Floor , Block B , Woodstock Exchange , 66 Albert Road , Woodstock Weekly Breakfast Networking Meeting This networking event hosted by Business Networking International welcomes all entrepreneurs to join a group of 30 business owners to build stronger relationships and networks relating to their industries . The group however only caters for one person per industry . If your industry already has a representative , you will be referred to another chapter which has a vacancy . The breakfast is R130 and needs to be paid in advance for a seat to be secured . You will also be required to register for the event before you 're able to attend . Date : 5 April , 8:15am to 10:00am Location : 144 Campground Road , Newlands , Cape Town Squad Cape Town This workshop is dedicated to female entrepreneurs who want to discuss other women in entrepreneurial endeavours . The meetup is designed to be a supportive space for open dialogue . Date : 6 April , 8:00am to 11:00am Location : 7 Dock Street , Waterfront , Cape Town NEW Format Launch of The Business Book Club Join Gareth Cliff at The Business Book Club to hear his story on how he transitioned from a radio presenter to an entrepreneur . The interactive session will provide attendees with the opportunity to pick his brain on stories covered in his book as well as those that were n't published . Date : 4 April , 8:00am to 11:00am Location : 1 Montecasino Blvd , 2021 , Johannesburg Free Entrepreneur SOCIAL & Networking Meetup This social event will take the form of a more relaxed evening for entrepreneurs to get to know one another in a comfortable setting . One lucky winner will also receive a free pizza as well as a drink to the value of R100 . Date : 4 April , 7:00pm to 9:00pm Location : 42 Witkoppen Road , Rustic Timber Centre Fourways , Gauteng , Johannesburg Metta Master Class : Understanding Your Leadership Journey Join relationship - strategy consultant , Ed Cohen for his masterclass on how to become a better leader . The master class will aim to teach you how to identify the most desired leadership qualities , how to clarify and communicate your leadership philosophy as well as how to apply the lessons learned . Date : 4 April , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : Metta Nairobi , 14 Riverside Drive , Belgravia , Building Nairobi , Nairobi County , Kenya 2nd East Africa Retail Expansion Summit The retail expansion summit brings together high - level executives from retail owners , investors , architects and many others . The various talks and panel discussions will tackle different investment strategies , commercial challenges as well as operational efficiencies , to name a few topics . Date : 5 April , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : Villa Rosa Kempinski Hotel , Chiromo Road , Nairobi , Kenya Startup Grind Nairobi : Duncan Goldie - Scot SP Startup Grind Nairobi hosts entrepreneur and investor Duncan Goldie - Scot for a fireside chat about his journey as both an entrepreneur and an investor . The agenda for the evening consists of drinks and networking , a brief overview of Startup Grind Nairobi and the fireside chat . Date : 7 April , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : Belgravia Suite 6A , 14 Riverside , Nairobi Corporate Image and Business Etiquette Skills Training This workshop will focus on training entrepreneurs on the various dos and don'ts of business as well as how to carry themselves with confidence . Once participants have completed the course , they 'll be able to project a positive corporate image , equip their staff with similar teachings , promote professionalism at work and much more . Date : 8 April , 2:00pm to 7:00pm Location : Panari Hotel , Mombasa Rd , Nairobi , Nairobi County 00506 Kenya Management and Business Optimization Master Class The Tufts masterclass aims to equip startups with all the necessary tools relating to the basic concepts of strategic business management . The masterclass will cover the entire framework , giving participants the ability to make better decisions regarding sales within their businesses . Date : 4 April , 9:00am to late Location : Tufts Management School Campus , 12 Land bridge Avenue , Oniru Estate , Victoria Island Abuja Agribusiness Summit 2017 The summit will showcase the various advantages of Nigeria 's Agriculture Value Chain . This two - day practical summit is open to all agropreneurs and would - be agropreneurs . The modules to be covered include fish farming and its challenges and opportunities , agro - processing through value addition , government programmes on credit windows and marketing strategies , record keeping and much more . Date : 7 April , 9:00am to late Location : Abuja , Exclusive to Registered Participants Abuja , FCT , Nigeria Have a startup event that you 'd like featured on next week 's event roundup ? Send us an email .
Today , ethical and sustainable products are king . Nearly three - fourths of Millennials , the demographic piloting this movement , are willing to pay more for sustainable products , according to a recent Nielsen study . Another 91 percent will switch brands to benefit a cause they believe in . And for budding tech companies looking to attract Millennial customers , these statistics are worth noting . With overwhelming majorities of the nation 's largest generation prioritizing sustainability , ethics can no longer be a thoughtless add - on to existing models . If today 's companies want to prosper , sustainability and social responsibility must become core business practices . Nowhere has this trend taken root more deeply than in the tech sector . From established brands like LinkedIn and Philips to disruptive startups like littleBits and Skeleton Technologies , tech companies are making sustainability more than a marketing gimmick -- they 're making it a competitive advantage . To create and maintain a sustainable business , companies -- both those in tech and elsewhere -- should keep these three strategies in mind : Although governments and charities do important work , they often lack the private sector 's technological prowess . And while nonprofits like Code for America are starting to bridge this divide , for - profit tech leaders are increasingly drawing a dual bottom line . By creatively applying their talents , they 're growing their companies while addressing social problems . That 's exactly what cofounder Tom Hooper has done at Third Space Learning . Hoping to tackle educational inequality in his home country of England , Hooper created a platform to match at - risk students with tutors worldwide . The ed - tech startup has raised more than PS2.5 million , provided more than 90,000 one - on - one tutoring hours , and been named one of the U.K. 's most socially responsible businesses . Despite the fact that consumers prefer to shop sustainably , many popular products are n't environmentally friendly . Those that are , in most cases , are out of reach for budget - conscious consumers . In other cases , sustainable options simply do n't exist . Creating sustainable alternatives , then , is n't just good for the planet ; it 's also good business . CRU Kafe , another U.K .- based tech brand , is pioneering a better coffee capsule . Founded by three friends tired of wasting so much plastic with their Nespresso machines , the coffee brand stands by its earth - friendly promise . It even joined energy tech startup Bio - Bean to create coffee logs and biofuels from WIRED2016 's coffee waste . Whatever the company 's cause , embed it in the culture . From the boardroom to developers ' desks , social impact should factor into every decision . People and the planet -- not just profit -- should be considered with every product . This focus appeals to socially conscious consumers , but more importantly , it ensures the team does n't lose sight of its mission . Medopad , a U.K. mobile health provider , does a great job of this . " We want to create an ecosystem of data flowing between all parties to increase efficiencies , reduce errors , and , naturally , save costs , " Rich Khatib and Dan Vahdat , the CEO and CTO of Medopad told News Medical . " We also want to empower patients to be able to use technology in order to look after their own conditions . " To accomplish that mission , Medopad 's team aligned . Its developers built an ecosystem of easy - to - use apps connecting doctors , patients , and hospitals . From its landing page to its television ads , Medopad 's marketers highlight the brand 's social DNA across its communications . And thanks to its leaders , Medopad has secured mission - driven investments from some of the world 's top healthcare , pharmaceutical , insurance , and technology companies . These days , it 's not enough to just believe in a cause . Anyone can tweet a hashtag or hold a charity auction . Living , breathing , and rallying others to a social mission is more difficult -- but , as today 's tech founders can attest , it 's also more rewarding .
Last year , 2016 , will undoubtedly go down as one of the most pivotal years in the history of virtual reality ( VR ) . Major VR platforms , from the likes of Google , Facebook and Sony , were either promised or actually released , giving this new technology added credibility from these corporate heavyweights . What 's more , devices that utilize virtual reality -- and its cousin , augmented reality -- have evolved from the dreams of tech enthusiasts to something your uncle can purchase from his local brick - and - mortar retailer . Consumer demand , high - quality devices and market conditions have all aligned to make VR and AR the next major advancements in the tech world . Investors , meanwhile , have also offered enthusiastic support for these technologies , pouring in $ 1.7 billion over the past 12 months . Look no further than the runaway success of Pokemon GO as an indication of how eager consumers are to embrace AR . Ecommerce companies should be taking feverish notes : A recent demonstration of AR technology by Florida - based startup Magic Leap showed one way retailers might integrate AR technology into an e - commerce environment : The demonstration showed how a user could superimpose virtual models of lamps and other room decor atop a real - world dresser , with the digital objects shown to scale , to help the user determine how those items might look within the space . So , the message here is that , far from just being a feature for games , AR may well up - end and upgrade the shopping experience as we know it . The cost of entry is still relatively low , and the potential benefits are outrageously high . About two decades ago , Walmart failed to recognize the potential of the internet . As a result , Amazon was able to claim a significant portion of the big box chain 's retail audience . The VR and AR boom might not be quite as transformational as the dawn of ecommerce , but retailers still ca n't afford to ignore this potential shift in technology and consumer demand . The biggest hurdle customers so often face is determining whether a certain product is right for them . AR offers shoppers the confidence that may motivate purchasing decisions . Retailers , then , should be looking for ways to integrate AR into their stores . That will allow customers to view the in - depth information available online -- including reviews , related products and price -- while simultaneously looking at the actual SP physical product via a smartphone . More importantly , AR in particular can provide users with an in - store shopping experience , regardless of their location . Devices can superimpose 3D objects in various spaces , giving customers a chance to interact with digital renderings from the comfort of their own homes . IKEA and Converse , respectively , already allow users to envision pieces of furniture in their homes or shoes on their feet in real time using smartphone apps . As more consumers opt for an authentic and enhanced digital shopping experience , retailers of all stripes will have to alter where and how they sell products . It 's not enough to simply use AR in a trivial manner . Retailers must make it a significant component of marketing , sales and IT efforts to ensure it resonates with shoppers . To do this , retailers have to do more than blindly throw darts at the AR wall ; they need to consider the needs of customers and the goals of their companies . Here are some of those considerations : Offer a useful experience . It 's easy to treat AR technology as a novelty or toy , but the platform allows you to deliver incredible value to undecided shoppers . While some organizations feel pressured to create their own unique take on AR , they might find it makes sense to invest in smaller companies to do the work for them . For example , a Sephora app employs ModiFace technology to allow users to take a " selfie " and then apply a variety of cosmetic products to their faces . Instead of spending hours debating the merits of eyeliner options in - store , Sephora customers can narrow their choices from home and streamline the shopping process . Add novelty to retail . Between physical and online marketplaces , intense competition is being waged within most verticals . Incorporating AR is an immediate way for retailers to stand out from the pack . Eyewear retailer Warby Parker , for instance , differentiated itself from competitors by allowing shoppers to try items on before a purchase . Virtual shopping offers the same novelty , without any of the costs associated with shipping products to clients . The technology hasn't been perfected , but the possibility of creating an avatar and having it try on digital clothing via something such as Wolfprint 3D is not far off . In fact , a 2015 study by Walker Sands showed that 35 percent of consumers surveyed said they would shop more online if they could interact with products virtually . SP Allow users to customize . Retailers such as Nordstrom have distinguished themselves from competitors by offering a fully personalized shopping experience , guided by a knowledgeable curator who knows an individual shopper 's style , sizes and preferences . As a result , Nordstrom became famous for its customer service . AR has the potential to deliver these personalized services to the masses . Users are hungry for this sort of digital customization , whether it be an app that allows them to test out different color combinations or a friendly AI offering clothing suggestions based on purchase history . Those retailers that reap the biggest benefits of AR and VR will be the ones willing to invest resources early , and fully commit to the technology . Shoppers are anxious for the breakthrough that will finally remove uncertainty from the buying process . And AR has the potential to do just that , but only if retailers work to bring the technology into the real world . Eden Chen is the co - founder of Fishermen Labs , a Los Angeles - based development agency focused on custom web and mobile app development . Fishermen Labs has created more apps in the App Store than any other company in Southern Calif ...
Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison has underlined the government 's support for fintech , telling the G20 Conference on digitising finance , financial inclusion , and financial literacy in Germany the potential of financial technology to help shape Australia 's economy going forward . Morrison said government policies and actions must harness and realise the full potential of fintech by removing barriers to innovation and encourage individuals and businesses to embrace new financial products and services . " From Australia 's perspective , we see huge benefits -- huge opportunities -- emerging in this space . On one level , it offers consumers and businesses the chance to benefit from new services and products , and provide greater choice through increased competition and efficiency across all areas of the financial system , " he said . " And at another level , it opens new doors for startups and small businesses , the backbone of many of our economies , and gives them a fighting chance against larger competitors . In Australia , we are seeing this in two ways , with some startups successfully targeting specific market segments , while others are working with existing players . " Morrison called this ' fintegration ' , or the integration of fintech in the market . In particular Morrison highlighted the possibilities that new credit models and access to a wider range of data can entail , from equity crowdfunding to peer - to - peer lending and invoice finance . He also pointed out the benefits of automation in lowering costs of various services and in turn increasing usage , with robo - advice a key example . " In Australia , businesses are beginning to integrate robo - advice into the retirement savings system to help people engage and prepare more fully for retirement , " he said . Morrison also spoke about " monetising digital data " , or creating and capturing the value - add from " the massive amount of data that 's becoming available in a more digital world " . The focus on data comes at an interesting time , with concerns about an individual 's data and the way it 's being used particularly high as the Centrelink debt recovery issue continues to make headlines . The agency 's debt recovery program matches Centrelink data with records from the Australian Tax Office . According to the ABC , the program has issued almost 170,000 notifications since July , with thousands incorrectly notified that they owed money . The program is being investigated by the Commonwealth Ombudsman . Looking into questions around data , the Productivity Commission is set to release a report into data availability and use in March following a 12 month - long public inquiry ordered by Morrison last year . The inquiry sought to look at the benefits and costs of making public and private datasets more available ; examine options for collection , sharing , and release of data ; look at ways consumers can use and benefit from access to data , particularly data about themselves ; and consider how to preserve individual privacy and control over data use . Among the recommendations made in the draft report released late last year , the Productivity Commission recommended that individuals should have a " comprehensive right " to access digitally held data about themselves . This would give the individual a right to continuing shared access with the data holder , to request edits or corrections for reasons of accuracy , and to be informed about the intention to disclose or sell data about them to third parties , among others . Also recommended individuals having the right to opt out of a data collection process , subject to a few exceptions . Considering concerns about data and privacy , Morrison said " it 's important that new technologies do not become a victim of fear " . He said , " Yes , there are undeniable risks in enabling data to become more widely available . But the risk of harm needs to be assessed based on the likelihood and the scale of potential damage . After that happens , risk assessment and mitigation processes should be put in place for the release and sharing of data , as well as collection and storage . " Individuals are n't the only ones concerned about data sharing , however , with businesses concerned that under the definition of customer data proposed in the Productivity Commission 's draft report , they will be forced to share data that may affect their commercial interests . Morrison has been in Europe over the last week meeting with European counterparts on financial innovation and housing affordability . While in London earlier this week he met with fintech entrepreneurs and experts , discussing the UK 's decision to have banks provide customers with access to their data , and have this data made available to third parties through an API .
Martin and David Tobias . ( ReTree Photos ) SP Seattle entrepreneur Martin Tobias 's latest venture was inspired by his six - year - old . He and his daughter were visiting his brother , David Tobias , and his six - year - old in Los Angeles when the lightbulb went off . They were wandering around a densely - wooded upper - class suburb and the girls were delighting in the surrounding trees . The foursome then purchased and planted some trees of their own -- and they decided not to let the family fun stop there . Martin and David , wistful for the days when they worked side - by - side leading the Seattle daily deals startup Tippr , decided to launch a non - profit that uses tech to encourage reforestation around the world . Today , that idea comes to fruition with the launch of ReTree . " When David and I put our brains together and said , ' What do the two of us do really well ? ' One was create compelling shopping experiences , which we had done when we were at Tippr , and the second is to create compelling technology that moves things forward , " said Martin Tobias in an interview with GeekWire . Through the ReTree website , individual donors can purchase a tree for $ 1 and select one of 30 countries where it will be planted . The non - profit says that the " donor - assisted reforestation " program will help battle climate change and air pollution , which it describes as a " formidable public health crisis " that leads to about 6.5 million deaths each year . ReTree is also licensing its technology to e - commerce companies so they can add optional tree - planting donations to their checkout process . " What we have is a platform that allows an e - commerce retailer to integrate with the 30 countries and 70 partners that we have on our platform so the integration to add trees into your existing e - commerce platform is easier -- plug - and - play -- and is also broader because we ' ve set up all the relationships for you , " said Tobias . ReTree is a passion project for Tobias , who has three decades working for Seattle tech giants like Microsoft , building startups , and investing in other ventures . He 's perhaps best - known as the founder of Loudeye Technologies , a dot - com era digital music service that eventually fell on hard times and sold to Nokia . In 2004 , Tobias led a biodiesel operation called Imperium Renewables , which raised massive amounts of funding and then sold to Renewable Energy Corp in 2015 . After the acquisition , Tobias made some strategic investments in the cannabis industry but he says he 's currently divesting those interests . " One of the things I ' ve done a couple times is try to be early in what I think are really big markets , " he said . " When I was in digital media and started Loudeye , I was very early in digital media . In biodiesel , I was early in biodiesel and I knew that there was going to be a lot of change coming there . I was early into cannabis , but what was different about biodiesel and digital media is I was , personally , very passionate about those products . " When it comes to cannabis , Tobias 's heart just is n't in it . " I prefer bourbon , " he jokes . Speaking of bourbon , ReTree is auctioning off a rare 1980 Old fashioned Copper Bourbon from Buffalo Trace to get some initial traction for the business . Proceeds will go toward planting trees and bringing on some staff to build out the non - profit operation . " I ' m super excited to be involved in something that 's not just about making money and it 's something that I can be involved with my kids doing , as well , " said Tobias . " So is my brother , David . I ' m very excited to be working , again , with my brother . "
There is nothing quite like Seattle in June . Everything is green , the sun shines , and the air is crisp . And , of course , TechCrunch heads into town for the annual TC Meetup + Pitch - off . Just as we have the past couple of years , TechCrunch is hitting up Seattle to hear about the latest and greatest startups the Emerald City has to offer . For those of you who do n't know what I ' m talking about , allow me to explain : The TC Meetup + Pitch - off is an event where TC brings folks together from the local tech community to network and to enjoy the world - renowned TC Pitch - off , where ten startups compete for a table in Startup Alley at TC Disrupt an endless glory . Each startup is given exactly sixty seconds to pitch their product to a panel of expert judges , including TC Editors and local VCs , who then conduct a short Q&A session with the founders . Applications to the pitch - off are open now . Apply here!First place gets a table in the Startup Alley at TC Disrupt . Second place gets two tickets to the conference , and the Audience Choice winner gets one ticket to the big show . After the pitch - off , there will be ample time to network with the local tech community and share your story with the TC staff . You can pick up tickets to the event right here .
A Cape Town startup is looking to change the way customers buy and sell cars on the internet , by using machine learning and what it says is a unique payment model . The startup launched its platform last month after trading for six months to gain proof of concept . Get\Worth co - founder Mark Ridgway - a former CEO of TransUnion Receivables - says the company was able to conclude about R20-million in deals through the platform in March . The startup 's model is different from other online car dealers such as CarZAR.co.za and WeBuyCars.co.za . When get\Worth takes ownership of the car , the seller is able to get immediate cash in hand , just like most other online car dealerships . However , get\Worth claims their model is unique as the seller is then also able to get a further payment based on the difference in the trade and retail price that the dealer is able to conclude after subtracting its fees . " We are offering more than cash , we are offering value too , " says Ridgway . " We think this is almost first world . We ' ve researched it . No one is providing a product to the seller ( like this ) . " The company charges buyers ' fees that are calculated as R7500 on each sale plus 1% of the retail price as well as a financing fee . After refurbishing the car , the company takes an average of between 60 and 90 days to reach the best possible sale price for the vehicle . Buyers are able to tap vehicle finance and get seven days or 700 km after the sale of a vehicle in which they are able to return it for a money back guarantee . As an example , Ridgway says the company was able to pay a seller an extra R160 000 on a Mercedes - Benz GL350 following the initial R380 000 the seller got on the trade value of the car , before get\Worth were able to sell it to a buyer for R569 000 . Fees made up the difference of R19 000 . In another example he provided , a seller was able to get a retail price of R229 000 for their 2013 Audi A1 1.4 t Ambition S - Tronic after a search for a buyer after 40 days , upon initially securing a trade price of R175 500 with the company ( and after factoring in repair costs ) . After the deduction of fees the seller was able to get a further R27 000 Ridgway says the founders as well as friends and family have together invested about R10-million in the startup and are now in talks with various investors to obtain R4-million in funding . The company 's lean operation also helps to cut costs as the company has no fancy showroom , operating instead from an industrial area of Montague Gardens , where vehicles purchased from sellers are stored in a warehouse . To calculate the best trade price for a client 's car the startup deploys machine learning algorithms which consider variables such as retail price points and the car 's age and mileage . Initially the three sought to buy an existing dealership with the idea of doing things differently . However , they found that the industry structure was facing huge change and decided it would be better to lead rather than follow . " It 's about disrupting things , " says Ridgway . While he says the startup will mostly target millennials who are looking to the internet to buy cars , he and fellow co - founders Jamie Surkont ( a former CEO of Electronic Toll Collection ) and Colin Morgan ( former business manager ) are all over the age of 40 . " When you get older you get a bit grumpy , " admits Ridgway , who is 55 . The company admits that its main barrier is that of communication and differentiation , because the product is novel and more complex than a straightforward traditional buy or sell . Another challenge is that the company had to reject 40% of the 205 deals valued at R36-million that passed through the platform during March . Ridgway says deals were rejected either because sellers ' vehicles were too old , had very high mileage , because the seller was from an outlying area , or because the seller 's vehicle financing debt with the bank exceeded the vehicle 's possible trade price . Currently there are 17 vehicles up for sale and 25 deals in the pipeline which represents about R8-million in potential revenue , with average deals valued at about R250 000 , he says . In the short term , the company , which has seven employees ( including the founders ) will focus on South Africa and Ridgway says plans are already underway to open a branch in Johannesburg . The company has lodged patents on certain aspects of its product and the founders intend to find offshore partners to assist a roll - out in selected countries . Their immediate aim is to reach 1000 vehicle deals per month and expand to covering other assets and providing additional services , citing financial products as one example . Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in News , Startup news , Startups
startup pitches . Company : GoLocalApps . Headquarters : Sacramento , California . Founding Team : The awesome team of GoLocalApps , with CEO , Heidi Komlofske , techy , Ross Rojek and programmer , Casey . Why we like it . Designing an app could not be easier ... or could it ? Apparently - according to GoLocalApp - yes , yes it could be . Much easier , in fact . SP If you 're not a guy in glasses , in a simple t - shirt and with an over - the - shoulder computer bag - yep , your stereotypical tech wiz - then getting onto AppToolKit , from GoLocalApp , would give you plenty of time to get to your Friday night drinks and Sunday family day . SP AppToolKit , is a program that lets app developers track and share their app reviews , create smart websites for their apps , and create screenshots for app stores . It 's been created for the non tech guys , both in marketing and developing who want to manage their apps quickly and easily from the one place . Fun fact -there 's more than two million apps on the market and more than a million app developers . Not so fun after all . Realistically , this makes your competition pretty strong . But you should n't let that deter you . If you have a brilliant , app - worthy idea that will save the world ( or maybe just your local community ) it should be on the market . SP Now you might be thinking , since there 's so many app developers out there , surely there 's a better app you can download to help your cause , right ? Wrong . Although there are many apps that allow users to monitor reviews or create screenshots for app stores or app landing pages , no one product does all of it in one place . SP Who does n't judge a book by its cover ? If the book cover is your incentive to open the book , the screenshot is your doorway into the app . When you 're giving an app 30 seconds of your time , then you 're going to be judgemental at first glance . With AppToolKit 's Screenshot Builder you can draw your users in with an inviting capture of what you 're all about . And you 're not just limited to portrait scaped views , horizontal screenshots can be added as well . Apparently at the moment , AppToolKit is the only app that lets you do this . SP
According to to a study by Hubspot , organizations that have a company blog receive 67 percent more leads than those who do not . 77 percent of all internet users read blogs while blogs have a ROI of 600 percent . The benefits of having a blog include the ability to capture leads , engage prospective customers and become a thought leader or authority figure in your industry . Here are a few reasons why your startup absolutely needs a blog . The more leads you receive , the more likely you are to make a sale . The best part of online content is that you 'll be able to obtain new leads even when you 're not working . Older blog posts can provide a lot of traction and visitors if they offer useful information and receive organic traffic . Blogging helps customers find your business and learn more about your services . If you do n't have a large budget you can simply blog yourself . After all , you are an expert in your niche and writing about topics you 're already familiar about should come naturally . Blogging does n't have to cost a dim , unlike expensive PPC campaigns or Facebook ads . Blogging allows you to become a thought leader and become recognized as an expert in your industry among peers , colleagues and even competitors . As you gain more influence and clout , you 'll find that some of your best customers will start finding you , instead of the other way around . Creating content around your company and services brings your brand to life . According to research by the Corporate Executive Board , 64 percent of customers who purchased from a company did so due to shared beliefs . For example , Timberland creates footwear made out of recycled materials which resonates with buyers who are eco - conscious . Consumers are more likely to relate to brands who stand for something other than being profitable . Blogging allows you to expand on your company 's beliefs and values . Posting on a regular basis allows you to build rapport and engage with your customers . Potential buyers who have read your company blog are more likely to be receptive to your brand . Blogging also allows you to find out how your customers feel about your services . Leave blog comments open in order to encourage discussion . Blogging is n't just a way to reach out to customers . It 's also a way to connect with others in your industry including peers and competitors . You can make new business contacts and come across new opportunities . Telling a story makes more of an impact than listing your latest technology or services . Tell a compelling story about the impact of your services on other people or the market . Visual aids like video can help to personalize your story even more and bring it to life . A company blog enables you to give accurate information about your services and brand to your customers directly instead of having them rely on unauthorized third parties . Blogging provides you with a platform to manage your reputation and shape your story without being at the mercy of others .
There 's no reason to sugar coat it : parking sucks . Between finding a spot and trying to parallel park , the stress caused by simply trying to get out of your car is unprecedented . Whether you 're in a bustling big city or even a small town , parking your car is easily the worst part about driving . Fortunately , one startup is looking to change that in a meaningful way that everyone can get on board with . Dallas - based ParkHub is using innovative technology and improved processes to make parking easier for everyone . With three products , Prime , Portal , and soon - to - be Pulse , ParkHub could completely change the way road transportation functions in cities across the world from top to bottom . Founded in 2010 by George Baker , a former events manager , ParkHub was the born out of necessity . As perhaps the biggest headache for event managers , parking has been a problem since the Ford Model - T hit the road . But with Prime , ParkHub 's flagship product , Baker gave event managers the technology they need to make money without causing all those pesky lines . " I have always been driven to leverage technology and with these early exposures to the cash heavy industry and analog accounting process , " said Baker in an interview with Tech . Co . " In my later years managing Southern Methodist University Athletics and various other event operations in the DFW metroplex , I began to see how technology could create accountability in those operations and optimize these inefficient processes and procedures . " George Baker Since 2010 , ParkHub has been busy making moves in the business world . After participating in their first Super Bowl in 2011 , ParkHub fielded a wide range of offers and has since made deals with TicketMaster , Live Nation , and the Dallas Cowboys , among other notable sports stadiums . Achieving this level of success was n't easy . Between finding funding and scaling their business Baker and his team went through quite a few growing pains . However , this only helped to bolster their success in the long run , while teaching Baker a very important lesson about growth . " When you start out , everyone wears every hat , " said Baker . " As you grow as a company , these roles and responsibilities necessarily change and narrow . Managing these internal changes is challenging , especially when you are growing rapidly . " SP As drivers get more and more frustrated with parking as the days go on , ParkHub 's future looks bright . Not only will they be expanding to MLB stadiums in the coming months , but they also plan to make ParkHub more of an individual necessity with their upcoming product , Pulse , which gives up - to - date information on spot occupancy nearby . And with all this potential , it 's no wonder why they 're excited about setting up in Dallas . " There is an enormous untapped investor base in Dallas , it just is n't used to doing tech deals , " explained Baker . " We have raised significant capital from this investor base by educating them as to how tech investments are structured . Once they were comfortable and understood how these types of investments differ from their traditional oil and gas or real estate investments , the money followed . " Stay up to date on ParkHub and several other Dallas - based companies at Dallas Startup Week powered by Chase for Business . This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS . Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe . CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place , from expert advice to valuable products and services . Find business news , stories , insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com / forbusiness . Read the rest of our Startup Week series . Graphics courtesy of ParkHub
Startup Vivid Vision said today it has raised $ 2.2 million in a seed round to build VR tools that could be used to treat eye problems known as " lazy eye . " San Francisco - based Vivid Vision raised the money from SoftTech VC 's Jeff Clavier , as well as The Venture Reality Fund ( The VR Fund ) , CRCM Ventures , SOS Ventures , Anorak Ventures , and Liquid 2 Ventures , a seed - stage venture capital firm cofounded by Hall of Fame NFL quarterback Joe Montana . The company 's VR treatment for binocular vision disorders is now available at more than 90 clinics across the world . More than 10 percent of Americans suffer from one or more binocular vision disorders , such as amblyopia , strabismus , or convergence insufficiency . These disorders , commonly known as " lazy eye " and " crossed eyes , " can cause issues with driving and playing sports , and can even limit career choices . They also greatly impact one 's quality of life -- even getting in the way of personal relationships and sometimes leading to social stigma . Above : Vivid Vision can help fix lazy eye . Founded in 2014 , Vivid Vision is a medical technology company applying virtual reality to the field of vision care . Its founder and CEO , James Blaha , a programmer and lifelong sufferer of lazy eye , started the company after experimenting on himself . Before building the first prototype , Blaha could n't read with his weak eye or see in 3D. Since then , the vision in Blaha 's weak eye has improved to nearly 20/20 . His experiments gathered worldwide attention , and Vivid Vision launched its clinical vision therapy suite in late 2015 for optometrists and ophthalmologists . Since then , the 90 clinics using it have treated more than 6,000 patients . On average , treatment lasts eight months , with patients coming one or two times a week to use the VR system . " It is a unique , far more efficient solution to treat Amblyopia , as well as a wide array of binocular vision dysfunction , " said Dan Fortenbacher , founder of Wow Vision Therapy , which has two locations in Michigan . " The progress the patient makes in breaking through suppression and developing 3D vision has been remarkable with Vivid Vision . " Wow Vision was one of the first practices to use virtual reality in a clinical setting . Vivid Vision will use this new round of funding to expand and accelerate its vision care platform . Although the treatment is currently only available in clinics under the supervision of a trained eye care professional , the company is releasing its home version of the treatment , Vivid Vision Home , later this year . Vivid Vision Home runs on both desktop and mobile VR platforms and will require a prescription from an eye doctor . " Vivid Vision Home will make vision therapy accessible to millions of new patients for whom treatment was previously too expensive or inconvenient , " said Blaha , in a statement . " We 're really fortunate to be partnered with the best optometrists , ophthalmologists , and vision scientists to make this a reality . " Ubisoft has also been working on a VR game to address lazy eye .
Sydney startup Recomazing first launched in mid-2015 as a platform to enable friends to find , make , and share business recommendations with their networks . Founder Marc Cowper remembered the excitement he felt seeing businesses register their interest on the platform 's initial landing page ahead of launch ; the team was " filled with confidence " as thousands of SMEs created profiles . In other words , everything was looking great . " Then , shortly after our consumer launch , the reality that everything was going to be infinitely harder than we had anticipated started to sink in . We learned , like a lot of marketplace startups , that no amount of business engagement could make up for a lack of engagement on the consumer side , " he admitted . " We were n't hitting our forecasted acquisition rate or the required volume of recommendations . As a result , we were n't delivering enough value to our user base or our investors . " After six months of looking at the data , Cowper said it became obvious that Recomazing 's most engaged users were the businesses themselves : they wanted to increase word of mouth recommendations for their own business , but were even more active in searching for services to help themselves grow . The team 's pondering of a pivot to a B2B focus was pushed by what they were seeing working out of Fishburners , where every day people would post on member channels asking for recommendations on various business tools and services . " The problem with these channels was that the same questions got repeatedly asked , people with valuable recommendations stopped answering , and there was no shared knowledge bank between members , " Cowper said . This , in turn , created a number of issues . As Cowper explained , startups were making the mistakes as those before them and choosing the wrong suppliers , while Fishburners ' community manager , tasked with driving knowledge sharing between members , was spending a significant portion of their day trying to manually facilitate these conversations . This led Recomazing to create its community - based model , which allows startup communities to create a ' RecoHub ' , where members can save , search , and share recommendations for business growth . " The startup community seemed like a natural fit for Recomazing . The learning curve for startups is incredibly steep , the constant introduction of new digital tools keeps the need for recommendations high , and the Australian startup ecosystem is in desperate need of better collaboration , " Cowper said . While seeing the new model could solve clear issues , the decision to pivot and the process of making it happen was n't easy . " The most difficult part of pivoting was feeling like we were letting our existing users , partners , investors and clients down . We were so thankful and appreciative of our early adopters and we desperately wanted to repay their faith in us . On a personal level , it is something that I really took to heart and I still think about . I still have hope that as we grow , I will find a way to return the favour to those early personal relationships that were so pivotal to our success , " Cowper explained . " As a founder , I also felt like I had let my team down . I look at my team as my first investors and ultimately the decision on initial go - to - market strategy rested on my shoulders . Knowing I had failed them really motivated me to make it only a temporary speed bump instead of a permanent crash . " Cowper credits his " amazingly collaborative team " for " [ working ] their asses off " to take on the development of the new beta while keeping the existing platform running smoothly . " The main priority was that the entire team had full belief in [ the pivot 's ] ability to drive success . Running a startup is hard bloody work and the entire team makes a lot of sacrifices on the belief that , against all odds , there will be a high reward at the end of it . If the team did n't believe in the pivot then there was no point continuing to make sacrifices . " Also helping to make the pivot process easier was the data , which the team let itself trust . " The simple truth is that numbers do n't lie and they allow you to take all bias or resistance to change out of the equation . So when we saw every single key metric grow as a result of our beta , it made the decision to pivot very easy , " Cowper said . The switching of the platform from B2C to B2B was met with a mixed response from Recomazing 's existing user base , however , as it of course made the platform irrelevant for consumers and B2C clients . However , Cowper said the startup had the support of its investors in making the switch ; key to gaining that support , however , was demonstrating that the team had full belief in the plan . " They really appreciated the fact that we were n't just telling them our idea for a magical - all - problem - solving - pivot whilst putting our hand out for more funds . Instead we demonstrated the business case through data and generated a pipeline of over 40 global business communities who signed on to roll out their own RecoHubs , " Cowper said . The startup also raised over $ 1 million in fresh funding from a mix of existing and new backers . The new iteration of the platform allows startups to browse recommendations generated from other community startups , and add their own recommendations on what tools and service they 're using in their startup and why they have been helpful . The RecoHub feature also allows for members to search community or group - specific recommendations , with muru - D , Fintech Australia , and Fishburners among the existing RecoHubs . Looking to future growth , Cowper said the startup does not intend to ever monetise by charging individual users , rather will look at a model charging the businesses being recommended . " In my prior life running digital marketing teams we worked with global brands who spent millions of dollars on word of mouth marketing campaigns to generate and track organic customer advocacy . It involved a lot of face to face events and experiential marketing but the ability to track genuine advocacy and not simply social likes and sharing was missing , " he said . " We have already been working with brands to monetise customer advocacy insights and amplification tools . " Of course , there 's no shortage of platforms allowing businesses to share recommendations around tools and services , whether they be local platforms or global , a simple Facebook group or a more formalised platform . Acknowledging this , Cowper believes Recomazing 's point of difference is that it puts " community collaboration at the heart of everything we do " . " We personally work with experts to curate their content and align with community partners to ensure a sense of trust in the recommendation data . Startups have plenty of other things to worry about rather than whether a service is the right one for them or not , " he explained . The startup will look to extend the value of the platform to members by incorporating features to allow them to tailor recommendations based on factors such as industry and the stage they are at .
Tech has stolen the market cap crown from the oil tycoons . This change is perfectly natural according to a panel of regional experts last month at Innovation Weekend in Tokyo , but the Silicon Valley kingdom is also teetering on being overthrown . " The day of America as the single IT leader is over , " writes founding partner Takeshi Ebihara of Rebright Partners on his blog . Citing PricewaterhouseCoopers ' MoneyTree report , Takeshi emphasises that the amount of funding for startups in China grew eightfold in just two years to US$ 37 billion in 2015 . That 's less than US$ 59 billion in the same period for the US . But Takeshi believes the US$ 37 billion pumped into Chinese startups in the first half of 2016 alone , as shown by the Tech in Asia Database , shows China is now on par with Silicon Valley . The panellists agree it 's not just funding . Unicorn distribution and the amount of money spent on research and development are also shifting to Asia . " China is probably going to be the biggest winner the human race has ever seen , " explains Keith Teare , co - founder of TechCrunch and partner at Archimedes Labs . Serial entrepreneur and host of Disrupting Japan Tim Romero pushed back on that and stressed that market capitalization and valuations are poor measures of innovation . While Tim praises the research being done in life sciences and fields like autonomous driving in China , he feels Silicon Valley is still unrivalled as the birthplace of truly innovative business models . Keith admits the Bay Area is no longer exceptional , but it is incredible that it still produces 40 percent of the world 's unicorns . The good news for founders is that success is no longer limited to geography . Takeshi , for example , is excited for the future of India 's tech scene as well . He points out that the yearly economic growth rate in India is 7.9 percent , even faster than China 's 6.7 percent . " India will grow so much that you could even say it 's fine to ignore other places , " he laughs . Many are quick to pin the economic boom in Asia to a simple increase in people , but Tim downplays the effect of population on the economy . " It 's entirely a function of change and the opportunities for startups to jump in . " Founding partner of Golden Gate Ventures Jeffrey Paine has seen these opportunities grow first hand . He recounted a recent trip to China where he spoke with founders about how entrepreneurs and the middle class no longer have to work multiple jobs and finally have personal leisure time . Young and growing economies like in Vietnam , Cambodia , and Indonesia do have the advantage of being able to create a surplus . " Last year you had ' X , ' this year you have ' X ' plus five percent , " explains Keith . " Suddenly you can take some new risks with that five percent and do some new things . " Ageing countries like Japan , on the other hand , consume all their resources just to produce at last year 's levels . To stay competitive , Keith professes that such countries need another industrial revolution . He points to Lebanon 's investment program as an example to kickstart innovation . Banks are encouraged to take risks and invest in startups through the program and the central bank then guarantees up to 75 percent of the money put in . This has created another potential US$ 400 million available for venture companies in a country with about half the population of New York . Finally , the panellists offered some advice for Japan . Jeffrey encouraged people to speak English and look for new business ideas by travelling . Keith joked that Japan should build an electric car that beats Tesla . Tim , a resident of Japan , suggested the island nation could benefit from a government - level competitive research project like the United States ' Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . Such a program would get everyone , not just large corporations in solving big problems . " Japan has got the knowledge capital of the world , " says Tim . " I think that would be a huge shot in the arm for entrepreneurship here . " This article by Peter Rothenberg originally appeared on Tech in Asia , a Burn Media publishing partner . Feature image : Patrick Nouhailler via Flickr .
Far from aiming for a moonshot , the 2017 Budget delivered by Treasurer Scott Morrison was all about encouraging Australians to " live within our means " in order to get the budget back to balance by 2020 - 21 . As much of the tech community expected , innovation seemed to be more of an afterthought , with a new levy on Australia 's biggest banks and measures to improve housing affordability sure to dominate the headlines for the coming days . SP Alex McCauley , StartupAUS CEO , said the government has a lot of work to do to deliver on its commitment to make Australia a world - leading innovator , describing the measures introduced tonight " modest " both in their budget impact and overall effect . " Innovation and entrepreneurship are not major focal points of this budget ... in this year 's speech , entrepreneurs were not mentioned . Startups seem to have dropped off the radar , " he said . SP Though it may not have been a big part of Morrison 's speech , there are hints buried in the budget papers that - maybe - something big is in the pipeline , with the Government reiterating its focus on innovation by recalling the fact it has commissioned a 2030 Strategic Plan from Innovation and Science Australia . The Plan , to be delivered in the last quarter of 2017 , will look to outline what Australia 's Innovation , Science , and Research ( ISR ) System " should look like into the future " , identifying key priorities the Government must address to build Australia 's innovation capabilities . With this in mind , perhaps it makes sense the Government is n't splashing another NISA - like sum on innovation just yet - though there is merit to the argument put forward by Shadow Treasurer Chris Bowen last week that the Government must do more to communicate the message of innovation and its possibilities to all Australians . The Government will also develop a Research Infrastructure Investment Plan to " inform future investment in research infrastructure facilities and projects " and support greater collaboration between industry and researchers , ensuring Australia 's research capabilities meet the needs of the growing economy . So , maybe NISA 2.0 will come with the delivery of the 2030 Strategic Plan , but in the more immediate term , there are a few nuggets to be found in the budget papers for tech and startups . SP Among these is the promise of a new Crowd - Sourced Equity Framework ( CSEF ) , finally opening equity crowdfunding up to proprietary companies , through $ 4.5 million in funding over four years from 2017 - 18 to help the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ( ASIC ) extend the framework . SP With fintech a niche within the all - encompassing innovation space that the Turnbull Government has long seemed particularly devoted to , $ 1.2 million in 2017 - 18 will be provided to allow the Department of the Treasury conduct an independent review into the most appropriate implementation model for an open banking regime , which would require the banking to share product and customer data and open up the door for new fintech offerings . The Government has also announced it will remove double taxation on digital currencies , such as Bitcoin , from 1 July 2017 , removing an obstacle for fintechs ; currently , digital currency is treated as ' intangible property ' for GST purposes . The regulatory sandbox put in place last year to allow fintechs to test new products more easily , will be expanded to include new types of services , including " providing more holistic financial advice " , issuing consumer credit , offering short term deposit or payment products , and operating a CSEF intermediary . The program will be extended from 12 to 24 months . Danielle Szetho , CEO of Fintech Australia , welcomed the measures , saying , " They 're a huge step forward when it comes to growing a globally competitive Australian fintech industry , that will also deliver greater choice and improved financial outcomes for consumers . " " It is pleasing to see that the government has clearly used the budget to reaffirm its commitment to Australia 's fintech industry , and sees this industry as a driver of increased consumer choice and jobs growth in financial services . " Following the abolishing - or rebranding - of the 457 visa a few weeks ago , the Government will also introduce an annual foreign worker levy of $ 1,200 or $ 1,800 per worker per year on temporary work visas , and a one - off levy of $ 3,000 or $ 5,000 for those on a permanent skilled visa . The $ 1.2 billion raised from the levy over the next four years will contribute directly to a new Federal - State Skilling Australians Fund . Meanwhile , announced by Minister for Innovation , Arthur Sinodinos earlier today was a $ 100 million funding package that will see the creation of an Advanced Manufacturing Fund to boost innovation in the manufacturing sector . SP Included in the package is $ 47.5 million over two years for an Advanced Manufacturing Growth Fund , aiming to help high value manufacturing businesses in South Australia and Victoria become more competitive through new processes and equipment by funding up to a third of the project cost of capital upgrades . SP An Advanced Manufacturing Growth Centre will be established with $ 4 million in funding over two years to support small scale and pilot research projects in advanced manufacturing , while $ 10 million will go to the development of Innovation Labs in South Australia and Victoria , to be delivered through existing services such as the Entrepreneurs ' Programme , Industry Growth Centres , and Austrade . SP The Government has also committed $ 26 million over four years to optical astronomy to enable Australia to become a strategic partner of the European Southern Observatory , which it stated will allow Australian researchers " new opportunities for international collaboration and greater access to world - leading astronomy infrastructure " . Though not purely innovation - focused , a significant chunk of change has been put towards developing regional Australia . The benefits of building regional Australia 's capabilities , according to a report released by the Commonwealth Bank in March , could be significant : the regional economy could grow by $ 44 billion every year if regional businesses were to fully unleash their innovation potential . A Regional Growth Fund will be established with $ 472 million for regional infrastructure projects ; within this , $ 272 million will provide grants of $ 10 million or more for major projects to " support long - term economic growth and create jobs in regions undergoing structural adjustment " . SP Another $ 200 million will be provided to the existing Building Better Regions Fund ( BBRF ) to support the construction of community infrastructure and build the capacity of regional areas , while $ 220 million will see the creation of a Regional Jobs and Investment Packages , aiming to create new jobs and deliver sustainable employment . SP With connectivity a key issue , the Government is putting a further $ 60 million towards the Mobile Black Spot Program to 2019 - 20 , adding to the existing $ 160 million for the program . SP To bridge skills gaps , the Government will also provide $ 24 million over four years from 2017 - 18 to establish a Rural and Regional Enterprise Scholarships program to help develop opportunities for regional students . SP From 2017 , at least 1,200 scholarships of up to $ 20,000 each will be available for tertiary students in " priority fields of study " including science , technology , engineering , mathematics , and health .
Ruth Barnett is also a former Sky News reporter . YouTube / Ruth Barnett Google DeepMind has expanded its public relations and communications team as data regulators prepare to pass decisions that have the potential to damage the company 's image . In the last two weeks , Google 's artificial intelligence ( AI ) lab has hired ex - Snapchat PR Ruth Barnett and former BBC News tech editor Jon Fildes , meaning that DeepMind now has around five full - time media relations staff . London - based DeepMind relied on Google 's army of PR employees up until last October when it started building out its own team . The unit is headed up by Ollie Rickman , who worked in comms at Google for several years before leaving to cofound Milltown Partners , where he advised US tech companies , European startups , and venture capitalists . The latest PR appointments at DeepMind , which is developing algorithms that can learn and think for themselves , come as the company faces increasing scrutiny from regulators and the media . Of particular note is a controversial data - sharing deal that gave DeepMind access to 1.6 million NHS medical records without patients being informed . This week , it emerged that Dame Fiona Caldicott , the National Data Guardian and the most senior data protection adviser to the NHS , concluded that the deal was legally inappropriate . The Information Commissioner 's Office , the UK 's main data watchdog , is carrying out its own investigation into whether the deal was legal under the Data Protection Act and a verdict is expected to be made public in the coming weeks . However , Business Insider understands that Barnett and Fildes were not hired to work on the DeepMind Health side of the business . DeepMind enjoyed a lot of positive publicity after it developed an algorithm that successfully defeated the world champion of Chinese board game Go -- an incredibly difficult game for machines to master due to the sheer number of potential moves . The research company , which has published over 100 papers and is widely regarded as a British success story , has also made headlines for helping Google to save vast amounts of energy in its power - hungry data centres . DeepMind currently employs around 400 staff in King 's Cross and a small team in Mountain View but The Economist reported last Decenber that the company could soon be expanded to around 1,000 people . Get the latest Google stock price here .
The City of London , or the Square Mile as it is often known , is synonymous with traditional financial services firms . However a recent report shows that the exclusive London enclave is looking to attract more technology startups in a bid to modernise its image . Fintech , insurtech and regtech are all booming areas within the London startup ecosystem , and the City of London Corporation is starting to ask itself if it needs to provide dedicated spaces for these startups to work within the confines of the City , in closer proximity to the companies they are looking to disrupt or augment . This will require a change in perceptions of the area , which tends to be seen as a traditional and expensive place to do business . The report conducted by the City of London Corporation and City Property Association ( CPA ) states : " Young , nimble and digitally focused businesses are challenging decades old incumbents , and the City must adapt once more , responding to the cultures , practices and aspirations of such companies to stay a vibrant , populated area of commerce . " Andy Pyle , the UK head of real estate at KPMG , told Techworld : " The City at its core has been dependent on financial services , but as they are disrupted , and with Brexit , there will be some jobs likely to move out of London , so diversification is important . " The first step for the City will be changing these perceptions if it is to attract a different type of worker . The report asks : " Is an area comfortable with a traditional business week ready to meet the demands of employees who work when and how it suits them ? Could it be that internet connectivity , public transport and street - level coffee culture are better served in the surrounding creative and tech enclaves of Shoreditch , Spitalfields and Smithfield ? " The report lays out its strategy for changing this , starting with a flagship , branded accelerator in the City : " Most City property owners feel that a single , City - branded accelerator / incubator space would be the best way of attracting emerging technology and facilitating an exchange of ideas between small companies and established firms . " SP As it stands the City is flagging when it comes to shared coworking spaces in the area , with very few of London 's accelerators and incubators located within the Square Mile . Pyle from KPMG points to the success of the Level 39 accelerator in Canary Wharf as a good example of how this ' clustering ' approach can change the feel of an area quickly . The City is apparently looking at tech clusters in Sydney like Silicon Harbour and the transformation of the King 's Cross area in London as blueprints . King 's Cross has done a great job of transforming the retail offering around the station since the new station concourse opened in 2012 . The area now counts Google and a number of tech startups as residents . Despite the perception that areas like Shoreditch are cheaper than traditional spaces like the City , data in the report shows that rents are homogenising across the whole of London . Naturally , cost will always be an issue when it comes to office space , and worryingly the report found that although landlords are supportive of attracting emerging technology businesses to the City , they are " hesitant to offer discounts or enticements " . The City of London Corporation recognises its role in changing this , and says it will " need to convince them that the wider benefits of attracting startups will mitigate the possible lower valuation of buildings containing tech companies " . " Now that the value of diversity is being recognised , owners feel that they can work with the City of London Corporation to shift perceptions , create cohesive public spaces and refit offices that suit a wider range of needs . The City can become a 24/7 hub with a social aspect . " Speaking with Techworld , Daisy Gleeson , marketing and PR manager at insurtech startup Digital Fineprint , said : " As rental costs in more traditional start - up locations such as Shoreditch are rising , it is causing entrepreneurs to look for more affordable office space elsewhere . " It would of course be preferred to be within the City where there is such a high concentration of financial companies ... The major downside is that the average cost of an office in the Square Mile is PS90 per square foot per annum , which is probably too much for young startups . " SP Ishaan Malhi , CEO and founder of online mortgage broker Trussle , told Techworld : " My perception is that the area has been prohibitive to startups from a cost and culture perspective . The City has been hugely successful in attracting large and high - salaried companies to the area and many of the surrounding cafes , restaurants , and shops accommodate for that audience as a result . " There are still some clear preconceptions that will have to be ironed out if the City is to become a true melting pot of old and new . Startups responded to the authors of the report with concern that they will be " seen as second - class citizens within the Square Mile " and are wary of becoming " marketing initiatives for a corporate innovation agenda " . Despite respondents from large corporates saying that they " unanimously believe that they would reap the benefits of being in close proximity to young , innovative companies " those from the tech sector displayed concern " about the threat of exploitation by large corporates " . Incumbents also fear a dilution of the " historic context of the City " and are wary of the trendy fads of startup culture infiltrating the area . The report states : " While the likes of street food and outdoor cinema events sound appealing , interviewees noted that the City remains a working environment , so the needs of more traditional occupiers must be considered in respect to crowds , access and noise . " The report outlines the lure for the area to tech startups : " Access to talent and expertise , a huge potential for commercial partnerships with established players and an explosion in demand for digital products within finance . " Becky Downing , CEO of insurtech startup Buzzmove , told Techworld : " The City has great transport links and locating in the City would be a great way to reiterate our message that we 're open for business and ready to partner with more insurers on our latest blockchain - based product offering . " SP However , she is resistant to the Silicon Roundabout cliches that the report hints at . " While cafes and outside meeting spaces can be useful , that 's more for early - stage startups , " Downing said . " What we 'd really need is plenty of office meeting space and completely reliable broadband connections . We 're not really interested in hanging out with startups as much as we are partners and customers . We 're not seeking to be " cool " , we 're seeking more growth , more success and more partnerships . " Also , modern startups do n't appear to value physical proximity to potential customers or partners as much as the report assumes . Downing said : " In today 's connected age , physical proximity to insurance companies is really not that important from a practical perspective . But the psychological impact of being right next door would be much greater - both for our existing and future insurance partners , and for our customers , knowing that we 're located in Britain 's most prestigious financial district . " SP This mirrored comments from Phoebe Hugh , cofounder and CEO of insurtech startup Brolly , who told Techworld : " In reality , being in walking distance does n't provide enough tangible value to us for it to influence our decision of where to be based , being in London is good enough . We also like being an outsider in a sense , as it gives us adequate space to focus on evolving the industry , whilst not being too attached to the ' now ' . "
When Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg took the stage today to open F8 , the social giant 's annual developer conference , he wanted to address the elephant in the room . Another big tentpole event named F8 had already kind of stolen his thunder : the recent premiere of his buddy Vin Diesel 's latest movie , the eight installment of the Fast and the Furious franchise . Moving on to his main focus , Zuckerberg shared with the crowd Facebook 's mission going forward , riffing quite literally on the comprehensive treatise he published in February ( he held up a sizable stack of paper that may or may not have been the printed open letter ) . The Facebook founder said the company 's next steps would be to bring the digital and physical together and to " work on building common ground . " To that end , Facebook 's next technological leap , now that it is the owner of four out of the five most downloaded apps in the world , is to step into the world of augmented reality . But Facebook is n't the only company with designs on augmented reality . This week , Snap rolled out an AR feature that lets users add special effects to their photos , in addition to the already popular face mask effects , according to The Wall Street Journal . Other major companies dipping into AR include Microsoft , Google and Apple . Zuckerberg announced that today will see the beta launch of an open AR platform through a new camera function of the app that will allow developers to create their own filters and frames . He also shared what future AR innovations could look like . He offered an example of a still photo that could be transformed into a 3D scene , where the user could pan around , change lighting and add effects such as filling the room with water , bouncing balls or skittles . Zuckerberg spoke about transforming blank walls into street art and how AR could be used to leave notes for friends in specific places , such as marking a table at your favorite bar or leaving a note for your spouse on the refrigerator . " This is going to be an important technology that changes how we use our phones , " Zuckerberg said . " There is a long road map of technology to build for years . I am confident that we are going to push this augmented reality platform forward . " That long road map included creating glasses and eventually contacts to see the world through an augmented reality lens . Meanwhile , the Facebook CEO took a moment to offer his and the company 's condolences to the family of Robert Godwin , Sr . , whose alleged killer posted a video of his murder on the social network and then confessed in a live video . Police say the alleged killer , Steve Stephens , took his own life on Tuesday . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
Let 's face it , if your brand ca n't be found online , your company is n't going to survive long . In this day and age , a digital presence is a necessity for any budding startup . Even if you 're already online , keeping up with the trend of the hour can make your head spin . One moment you ' ve got a social media page that is gaining traction and churning out leads , and the next you ' ve hit a virtual ceiling . What gives ? Maybe everyone has moved onto the next platform or a popular site has changed their algorithm . Either way , you ' ve wasted a lot of money and time on a strategy that is already out of date . So , how can you keep up with the sheer scale of social media and news being produced on a daily basis ? It pays to know your demographic . It literally pays . A lot of marketing laymen think they can predict how their target marketing is going to act , and sometimes they make the mistake of thinking they do n't need to define their target demographic . These are fundamental mistakes that will lead to serious blunders . Once you ' ve picked a demographic , it will be easier to keep up with online trends , mainly because you 'll know which ones affect you and your business by knowing which ones affect your demographic . For instance , some demographics are very slow to use a new platform , whereas other demographics , often the younger ones , are known to migrate platforms all the time . Keeping up with the latest PEW research or using a professional research company can really help you stay on top of where your customers are so you can be there first . That 's the essence of inbound marketing . Experimentation is the mother of success . Setting aside some of the budget for testing the boundaries , trying unconventional strategies , and developing a presence on new platforms is not only worth the investment , it 's essential for those trying to keep up with social media trends . The nature of the game is such that . Once you ' ve seen the wave , it 's already too late . You have to catch the trend before it starts , and the only way to do that is through experimentation . Having the key words to describe your brand figured out goes a long way when transitioning platforms . You do n't want to reinvent the wheel every time a new trend comes around the corner . SP Having a go - to message and a solid lexicon to work with makes the migration that much smoother and can get your content up and running much faster so that you can be among the first with a presence on the latest trending platform . Setting up a channel for your customers to talk to you , complain , compliment , or just give suggestions is a great idea . Listening to the information that comes through that channel is an even better idea . However , it 's hard to justify the time and resources it takes to make that possible , especially in a growing company . However , this can often give you the tip - off you need to know when a new trend is developing . Your motto should n't be " if I build it , they shall come , " it should be " If they ask for it , I shall build it . " You ' ve got the internet at your fingertips , and Google is your best friend . We ' ve all heard the solution to every question these days : Google it . Well , in many cases , as simple as that answer is , it 's the right answer . SP Google is an incredibly powerful tool for keeping you up to date in any number of fields , including news about online trends . One way to do this is to set up Google Alerts on terms and influencers that are important to your industry . This handy feature updates you anytime Google posts new content or releases an interview about a new product . You can use Twitter 's dashboard to follow specific hashtags . If you want to know which hashtags are trending you can check out this website . According to Market Growth , it is , once again , all about finding the most popular hashtags to get noticed . SP As we sift through the plethora of information about online trends , we find that hashtags are an incredibly efficient way to keep up to date with any topic you like . If you select some key hashtags to follow you will passively accumulate bits of information about your industry , your target demographic , and the trends you need to know about . If , after all this , you feel you ' ve dived too deeply into this social media abyss , I have good news : The last step is to go outside ! Yes , go out into the world and network , network , network . At this point you ' ve case a wide enough net into the internet , and it will keep your finger close to the pulse , in that regard . SP The other side of the coin is your human contact , and the proverbial " word on the street . " Attend conventions and mixers , trade your business card , and build a collection of your own . Get out and have coffee with the eccentric lunatics who are concocting the next revolution . After all , there is no reason why you could n't , in the process of trying to predict the next wave , be one of the people who makes the next wave . Read more about social media and marketing here on Tech . Co
You ca n't be successful in the startup world on your own . Getting help is part of the process , and if you do n't see that , you 're in a lot more trouble than you might think . Do n't turn your head on genuine feedback , no matter where it comes from . We asked five entrepreneurs how they got serious feedback on their ideas in the initial stages of their business . Take a look at what they had to say below and start collaborating today : Holding a formal focus group with an unbiased target market for your product / service can be very effective . Sitting behind that two - way mirror can make you cringe , but there 's so much insight to be gained ! You 'll hear the good , the bad , the ugly , and probably a few things you haven't even thought about yet . It 'll save you a lot of time and money in your development and launch phase . - Angela Delmedico of Elev8 Consulting Group Building a new business takes more than technological skills and creative genius : It needs people . Do some research , identify people with expertise and find a way to connect with them . Prepare an agenda so you can maximize their time and have a strategic discussion . - Jessica Baker of Aligned Signs Running workshops with select customers is one possibility , while reaching out to bloggers and reviewers is another . Generally , you want to seek people who -- while they 're in your target market -- are n't directly related to you . Friends , family and employees might be overly positive ; what you want is brutal honesty . You might also consider reaching out to some of your past mentors as well . - Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates First , test your idea conceptually with your trusted circle . If appropriate ( and possible ) , run some real experiments so decisions can be made with real data . - Arry Yu of GiftStarter Ask 10 of the smartest people around you about your idea . Draw up a mockup using free tools , like Axure . If you 're selling to businesses , meet with them , show them your mockup and explain your solution . Ask , " How much would you pay for this ? " There 's no better validation than from customers who are ready to buy . - James Hu of JobScan Read more about business tips here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners . SP This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Ask almost anyone who has tried to buy a ticket to a big show as of late and they will probably tell you that the experience made them question how badly they really wanted tickets . Crowded House will tour again one day , right ? From the hours spent waiting in the queue to then finally getting through , selecting seats , and putting in your credit card details only to be logged out - not to mention paying ridiculous payment processing and/or ticket delivery fees for all your trouble when you do actually manage complete the process - the whole thing can be quite the ordeal . Looking to provide a better service to eventgoers and event promoters alike is New Zealand ticketing company Eventfinda , which last year processed 20 million tickets for events around New Zealand . Launched in 2006 , the startup was originally just an events listing platform . Cofounded by Michael Turner and James McGlinn , the idea for Eventfinda came to Turner during a trip back to New Zealand after some time in Australia . He did the usual , meeting up with friends and family for dinner , after which conversation would to what the group could do after dinner - head to a show , see if there was some kind of festival on ? As McGlinn explained , there was no central platform through which to find these kinds of listings at the time , so Turner began collecting lists of the different resources and websites out there ; ending up with over 150 , he began to think there was an opportunity there . " He then met me and convinced me about this whole idea of events discovery and how we could do it a lot better . He sold his consulting business in Australia , I sold my business , and from 2006 we were just on the kitchen table at his house , building Eventfinda , " McGlinn said . So the pair built it , and managed to convince event industry stakeholders to list their content , from band managers to venue owners , promoters , and publicists . With event listings free , Eventfinda focused on selling advertising as it built up an audience . " In those days ads were gold . We thought we would build up this big consumer portal and it would all be advertising - driven , and the we 'd sell it to a big media company , " McGlinn said . " Imagine then , two years in , it 's the end of 2007 and we 're thinking , this is it , it 's really going to work , we 're getting some traction , and then the GFC came along in 2008 and within a few months it absolutely decimated our ad revenue , which was n't part of the plan . We had to diversify and started thinking about what else we could do . " The cofounders explored a couple of options ; having effectively built the de facto national events database for New Zealand , they started a syndication network , selling the content to media outlets , and created white label offerings . They also began licensing Eventfinda in overseas markets , including Australia . Still , they were n't quite satisfied . With a number of promoters and venue managers using the platform having suggested Eventfinda explore building its own ticketing platform , McGlinn and Turner decided to take it on . " We did n't know a great deal about ticketing in those days , we had that naive startup attitude of , how hard can it be , it 's just an ecommerce thing , it 's a shopping cart . We literally went into it that naive about it , which was good because otherwise we would n't have done it because it turns out ticketing is really , really hard to get right , especially when you get into allocated seating and the complexities around promoter holds , reporting , and scalability for on - sale , " McGlinn said . " We started in October 2008 and sold our first ticket in April 2009 . We just had general admission and we thought , right , that 's the ticketing system , we might have to do a bit extra for allocated seating , so maybe that 'll take us another six to 12 months to finish off . We 're now in 2017 and still nowhere near finishing it . " Despite the users already familiar with Eventfinda through its listing service , getting customers to use the new ticketing function at the beginning was tough , McGlinn admitted . Like many a startup founder , McGlinn and Turner decided to narrow their focus down to look at specific verticals . They began bringing on a couple of gum and roots events and reggae gigs , with word of mouth then spreading in those niches and Eventfinda soon finding itself covering those categories . The startup has since found success with food and wine events too , and recently signed a contract with the Queens Lake District Council to provide ticketing for all its venues . This type of contract is common in the events industry , and is part of what contributed to Eventfinda 's difficulty breaking into the ticketing space ; most big venues have exclusive contracts with vendors such as Ticketek or Ticketmaster that mean all events they host must run through that vendor . However , McGlinn said the initial focus on niches paid off . Also key to Eventfinda 's growth , he believes , is its customer service ; the platform can be completely self - service , however McGlinn said those putting on bigger events typically want a personal concierge - type service . As such , Eventfinda 's event managers help clients with the build and setup of an event , ensure an on - sale goes smoothly , provide insight into pricing and marketing strategy , and help at the gate the day of an event , assisting with the likes of security and validation of tickets . " Our competitors have great people too but they 're stuck using these old , outdated systems where it takes days to get an event on sale . We ' ve got the same kinds of people , and in fact many of our people have come from those other organisations , but instead of spending their time doing that , they can spend 10 minutes getting the event up and the rest adding value for our promoters , " McGlinn said . Part of the value for clients is also Eventfinda 's data ; thanks to the fact the ticketing system was built on an event discovery platform , with events from other vendors still listed , Eventfinda can help clients understand what their customers are interested in beyond just their own events . With growth in New Zealand steady , McGlinn said a key goal for the business now is to have Eventfinda flourish in Australia . Having licensed the platform out to an Australian firm several years ago , Eventfinda recently made the decision to bring it back in - house . " The organisation had a lot of experience in media and advertising so we thought it would be a good fit , but it ended up being a site where the consumer proposition was n't as good as it was in New Zealand . There were a lot more ads , so it did n't work as well as it did here , " McGlinn explained . " In 2017 we want to smash it in Australia . "
When you first release an app , the number one thing people will ask you is how many downloads it 's gotten . It 's a reasonable question -- on the surface , downloads seem like an excellent metric to gauge people 's interest in your product and its continued success . Certainly , as the CEO of a members - only mobile application for discovering and booking curated nightlife and special events around the world , I was thrilled by the number of downloads our app was getting upon its initial release . Its popularity validated the hard work we had done in choosing the right brand identity , building relationships and creating the right brand voice with our advertising and content . The high download numbers certainly helped us secure partners , contracts , and additional investors as well . But after a few months , we began to notice something : Many of these downloads were n't actually leading to fully qualified , revenue - generating users . Our brand power was strong enough to get people to sign up , but when it came to long - term engagement and retention , we were n't where we needed to be . We did n't want to be the app you 'd rather have and not need than need and not have . We needed to be a functional staple of people 's event planning and travel lifestyle . We realized then that , when it came to actually building a sustainable business , these vanity metrics were almost completely useless on their own . To have any value at all , they needed to be presented alongside percentages of users converted , retention rates , and other key performance indicators that could tell us not only where our users are coming from , but also which ones were staying on for significant lengths of time . To gain traction , startups must be able to quickly recognize the best sources of consistent customers . One of the biggest problems with focusing on vanity metrics is that it causes you to overlook the systemic patterns and trends in your business that can lead you to these sources . For instance , when we began to go beyond vanity metrics to see where our business truly stood , we quickly saw a big difference in the conversion and retention segments of our members -- especially when it came to social media campaigns . Sure , we could usually get a user for one or two dollars . But these would often be fringe users , such as young girls in Russia or grandparents in China -- not really the type to stick around . It pumped up our total download numbers but did nothing for us in the long term . Instead , we learned early on which marketing channels worked for us by forcing each new member to tell us how they heard about us . Our system would even detect common words and phrases -- such as " Instagram " -- and get the member to provide the name of the Instagram account itself . That process was necessary for us to track effectiveness of our advertising dollars or ambassador 's efforts . What we found was that a post shared by a nightclub promoter generated more valuable and engaged members than a post by a random travel blog -- even if that blog had millions of followers and gave us tens of thousands of downloads . Dismissing vanity metrics is easy ; the hard part is focusing on the right numbers that are meaningful to your business . We used three main strategies to keep our focus -- and the focus of our investors -- where it needed to be : Vanity metrics are great for the " wow " factor . But when it comes to building a financially viable customer base , they just do n't cut it . Do n't let you your investors be fooled by these superficial numbers : Dig deeper , and you 'll find the true value of your company just underneath the surface . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
We started 2017 with some research and the goal to create a list for each EU country which showcases some of the most promising early - stage startups that are worth following this year . Let 's take a look at bella Italia . A country with a very vital and clearly growing startup scene . In the beginning of the previous three years we presented a list with 5 Italian startups to watch . Given the large amount of interesting startups from Italy , it 's been too hard this year to narrow this list down to 5 , so we ' ve decided to introduce you to 10 promising Italian startups out of different sectors . All of them entered the market within the last two years and each startup has something special to add to your business life or your personal web experience in 2017 . And here is our selection : Majeeko allows the administrators of Facebook Pages to create their own attractive , professional , fully responsive and graphically customizable website with a single click . The generated website does not require any maintenance or periodic update , because it will be updated automatically from the data stream coming from the Facebook page . The Rome - based startup was founded in 2015 and secured roughly EUR475k in seed funding so far . Credim m ( formerly known as InstaPartners ) is a new lending product dedicated to small and medium - sized enterprises and institutional investors . Credimi mission is to make invoice financing for SME , faster , simpler and more transparent than any other available alternative . The Milan - based FinTech startup was founded in 2015 and in 2016 it was able to secure about EUR8 million in seed funding . Voverc : Started in 2015 , Voverc is a Rome - based startup with the mission to provide entrepreneurs and small businesses with the benefits of a professional telephone system of large corporates . The cloud - based cloud business phone system of Voverc enables you to be as professional on the go as you are in an office . So far , Voverc was able to raise more than EUR400 K in seed financing . Artemest is the online destination for the finest handmade decor . The startup 's mission is to re - establish the authentic concept of luxury based on heritage , uncompromised quality and craftsmanship . Based in Milan and launched in 2015 , the Artemest offers a unique shopping experience through curated editorial content and exceptional videos . Earlier this month , Artemest secured $ 1.2 million in seed funding . inVRsion : The Milan - based startup develops ultra - realistic and customized Virtual Reality experiences for b2b . inVRsion makes real - time , room - scale VR simulations , employing a combination of stunning realism and business intelligence tools . Founded in 2015 , the young company produces custom libraries of hyper - detailed 3D objects and environments , optimized for the VR experience . In 2016 the ambitous inVRsion team was able to raise EUR600 K in seed financing . Euklid is a Milan- and London - based FinTech startup with the mission of discovering and exploiting the potentials involved in applying Artificial Intelligence to Bitcoin and the Blockchain . At the heart of Euklid is a sophisticated AI engine capable of making independent trading decisions . Euklid was founded in 2015 and aims to become the bank for investors of the future . A few months ago , Euklid secured an undisclosed amount of seed funding , valuing the company at EUR10 million . ZesTrip is a Milan - based startup which created a marketplace where the Best Local Experts independently sell tours , dinners and things to do . Thanks to the booking and messaging features of ZesTrip , Travelers can choose a professional and book the perfect , tailor - made experience . TesTrip was founded in 2015 and was able to secure more than EUR100 K in seed funding . Scuter is a Rome - based startup which aims to change the game in urban mobility with its disruptive technology . Founded in 2015 , the smart e - scooter sharing service plans to make city mobility , simple , enjoyable and sustainable . Scuter was able to secure a seed funding of EUR100 K , a grant of EUR145 K and is currently doing a crowdfuning campaign which will end in March . YouDroop is an innovative B2B marketplace for suppliers and retailers who want buy and sell products via the retail fulfillment method dropshipping . The Turin - based startup was founded in 2015 and secured an undisclosed amound of seed and angel investments in 2015 and 2016 . Currently only available in Italian , YouDroop will launch a Spanish and English version by the end of next month . RiskApp serves the insurance industry by providing technological solutions for the sales process , for the underwriting and the technical inspection phase of the business process . Founded in 2015 , The Milan - based startup enables its clients to digitalize the claims process and increase the data collection to enhance the use of analytics . RiskApp wants to be your passionate , innovative , risk assessment company . By the way : If you 're a corporate or investor looking for exciting startups in a specific market for a potential investment or acquisition , check out our Startup Sourcing Service !
Tesla 's Fremont factory . Tesla When Tesla bought a decommissioned car factory in Fremont , California , Elon Musk transformed the old - fashioned , unionized plant into a much - vaunted " factory of the future " , where giant robots named after X - Men shape and fold sheets of metal inside a gleaming white mecca of advanced manufacturing . The appetite for Musk 's electric cars , and his promise to disrupt the carbon - reliant automobile industry , has helped Tesla 's value exceed that of both Ford and , briefly , General Motors ( GM ) . But some of the human workers who share the factory with their robotic counterparts complain of grueling work pressure they attribute to Musk 's aggressive production goals , and sometimes life - changing injuries . Ambulances have been called more than 100 times since 2014 for workers experiencing fainting spells , dizziness , seizures , abnormal breathing and chest pains , according to incident reports obtained by the Guardian . Hundreds more were called for injuries and other medical issues . In a phone interview about the conditions at the factory , which employs some 10,000 workers , the Tesla CEO conceded his workers had been " having a hard time , working long hours , and on hard jobs " , but said he cared deeply about their health and wellbeing . His company says its factory safety record has significantly improved over the last year . Musk also said that Tesla should not be compared to major US carmakers and that its market capitalization , now more than $ 50bn , is unwarranted . " I do believe this market cap is higher than we have any right to deserve , " he said , pointing out his company produces just 1% of GM 's total output . " We 're a money losing company , " Musk added . " This is not some situation where , for example , we are just greedy capitalists who decided to skimp on safety in order to have more profits and dividends and that kind of thing . It 's just a question of how much money we lose . And how do we survive ? How do we not die and have everyone lose their jobs ? " Tesla CEO Elon Musk . Scott Olson / Getty Images Musk 's account of the company 's approach differs from that of the 15 current and former factory workers who told the Guardian of a culture which they described as requiring working long hours under intense pressure , sometimes through pain and injury , in order to fulfill the CEO 's ambitious production goals . " I ' ve seen people pass out , hit the floor like a pancake and smash their face open , " said Jonathan Galescu , a production technician at Tesla . " They just send us to work around him while he 's still laying on the floor . " He was one of several workers who said they had seen co - workers collapse or be taken away in ambulances . " We had an associate on my line , he just kept working , kept working , kept working , next thing you know -- he just fell on the ground , " said Mikey Catura , a worker on the battery pack line . Richard Ortiz , another production worker , spoke admiringly of the high - tech shop floor . " It 's like you died and went to auto - worker heaven . " But he added : " Everything feels like the future but us . " Tesla sits at the juncture between a tech startup , untethered from the rules of the old economy , and a manufacturer that needs to produce physical goods . Nowhere is that contradiction more apparent than at the Tesla factory , where Musk 's bombastic projection that his company will make 500,000 cars in 2018 ( a 495% increase from 2016 ) relies as much on the sweat and muscle of thousands of human workers as it does on futuristic robots . Factory robots work on a Tesla Model S.via Youtube " From what I ' ve gathered , Elon Musk started Tesla kind of like an app startup and did n't realize that it is n't just nerds at a computer desk typing , " said one production worker , one of several who asked not to be identified by name . " You really start losing the startup feel when you have thousands of people doing physical labor . " In February , Tesla worker Jose Moran published a blog post that detailed allegations of mandatory overtime , high rates of injury and low wages at the factory , and revealed that workers were seeking to unionize with the United Auto Workers . Moran 's post shone a spotlight on a workforce that is almost entirely absent from Tesla 's official images of the factory . Michael Sanchez once had two dreams : to be an artist and a car service technician . He said he was " ecstatic " when he was recruited five years ago to work at Tesla , a company he believed was " part of the future . " Now Sanchez has two herniated discs in his neck , is on disability leave from work , and can no longer grip a pencil without pain . Tesla said that the employee 's injury occurred while he was installing a wheel , but Sanchez said it was caused by the years he spent working on Tesla 's assembly line . The cars he worked on were suspended above the line , and his job required looking up and working with his hands above his head all day . " You can make it through Monday , " Sanchez said . " You can make it through Tuesday . Come Wednesday you start to feel something . Thursday is pain . Friday is agonizing . Saturday you 're just making it through the day . " Tesla 's manufacturing practices appear to have been most dangerous in its earliest years of operations . The company does not dispute that its recordable incident rate ( TRIR ) , an official measure of injuries and illnesses that is reported to workplace safety regulators , was above the industry average between 2013 and 2016 . Tesla declined to release data over those four years , saying such information " does n't reflect how the factory operates today . " Tesla 's Model X faced three years of production delays . Harold Cunningham / Getty Images The company did release more recent data , which indicates its record of safety incidents went from slightly above the industry average in late 2016 , to a performance in the first few months of 2017 that was 32% better than average . The company said that its decision to add a third shift , introduce a dedicated team of ergonomics experts , and improvements to the factory 's " safety teams " account for the significant reduction in incidents since last year . Musk said safety was paramount at the company . " It 's incredibly hurtful and I think false for anyone to claim that I do n't care . " The CEO said his desk was " in the worst place in the factory , the most painful place " , in keeping with his management philosophy . " It 's not some comfortable corner office . " In early 2016 , he said , he slept on the factory floor in a sleeping bag " to make it the most painful thing possible . " " I knew people were having a hard time , working long hours , and on hard jobs . I wanted to work harder than they did , to put even more hours in , " he said . " Because that 's what I think a manager should do . " He added : " We 're doing this because we believe in a sustainable energy future , trying to accelerate the advent of clean transport and clean energy production , not because we think this is a way to get rich . " Tesla workers who spoke to the Guardian echoed this sense of pride and enthusiasm for the company 's mission . " We 're changing the world , " enthused Ortiz . " I ca n't wait for my granddaughter to one day go to class and say , ' My grandfather was in there . ' " But that pride did not erase what Ortiz described as a prevailing mood of " mass disappointment " over working conditions and what he alleged were avoidable work - related injuries . He recently lost the strength in his right arm , a situation he said was " scaring " him . " I want to use my arm when I ' m retired , " he added . Others described repetitive stress injuries they linked to working long hours . Before the company reduced the average time of a workday in October 2016 , workers said they routinely worked 12-hour shifts , six days a week . Tesla said the change had been " a success " , and resulted in a 50% decline in overtime hours . People wait in line outside a Tesla Motors store to place deposits on the electric car company 's mid - priced Model 3.REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni Sanchez and other workers said they believed more injuries occurred because , for years , the company did not take worker safety seriously , with some managers belittling their complaints and pressuring them to work through pain . When workers told managers about pain , Sanchez said they responded : " We all hurt . You ca n't man up ? " Alan Ochoa , another Tesla worker who is currently on a medical leave with an injury , alleged that superiors " put the production numbers ahead of the safety and wellbeing of the employees . " The company said that Ochoa and Sanchez are especially outspoken workers whose views do not represent the wider workforce . However , the Tesla spokesperson added : " In a factory of more than 10,000 employees , there will always be isolated incidents that we would like to avoid . " Complaints about working conditions at Tesla are not universal . " I ' ve got benefits , I ' ve got stocks , I ' ve got [ paid time off ] , " said a worker who has been at the company for about a year . " I thoroughly enjoy my work and I feel I ' m treated fairly . " Another worker , a temporary employee , said that he sees some teams in the factory doing group stretches in the morning to prevent injuries . However , some Tesla workers argue the company 's treatment of injured workers discourages them from reporting their injuries . If workers are assigned to " light duty " work because of an injury , they are paid a lower wage as well as supplemental benefits from workers ' compensation insurance , a practice that Tesla said was in line with other employers and California law . " I went from making $ 22 an hour to $ 10 an hour , " said a production worker , who injured his back twice while working at Tesla . " It kind of forces people to go back to work . " " No one wants to get a pay cut because they 're injured , so everyone just forces themselves to work through it , " added Adam Suarez , who has worked at the factory for about three years . Tesla said it was determined to further improve its safety standards . " While some amount of injuries is inevitable , our goal at Tesla is to have as close to zero injuries as possible and to become the safest factory in the auto industry worldwide , " the spokesperson said . Tesla Musk has a well - documented tendency to promise Mars and deliver the moon . His electric car company was , by his own admission , a gamble . Musk said starting a car manufacturer from scratch was likely " the worst way to earn money , honestly " , though he caveated that " maybe rockets are a bit worse " . " On a risk adjusted return basis , an auto company has to be the dumbest thing you could possibly start . " The company has succeeded at increasing its production rate every quarter . In the first three months of 2017 , the factory produced more than 25,000 cars - a Tesla record . To meet Musk 's goal for 2018 , they will have to quintuple that rate . " I think one of the major problems is that people at the top are making unrealistic quarterly goals , " said a worker on the battery pack line . Three workers described a management tactic of assigning a monetary value to every delay on the assembly line . " One time the robot came down and [ the supervisor ] came back screaming at us , ' That 's $ 18,000 , $ 20,0000 , $ 30,0000 , $ 50,000 because you guys ca n't get this done , ' " Gelascu recalled . Tesla argues the challenge in building vehicles from scratch with new production and manufacturing methods should not be underestimated , but that " nothing is more important " than protecting the health and safety of its workers . " We 're trying to do good for the world and we believe in doing the right thing , " Musk said . " And that extends to caring about the health and safety of everyone at the company . " It 's a more humanistic tone than the one he strikes with investors . " You really ca n't have people in the production line itself . Otherwise you 'll automatically drop to people speed , " he told investors in an earnings call last year . " There 's still a lot of people at the factory , but what they 're doing is maintaining the machines , upgrading them , dealing with anomalies . But in the production process itself there essentially would be no people . " Get the latest Tesla stock price here .
This spring , Microsoft 's infamous Zune will sing its final song . Come March , users who purchased Zune Marketplace music prior to its replacement in 2012 by Xbox Music will no longer be able to listen to those DRM files . ( Fortunately , Microsoft will let users download non - DRM mp3 versions of their songs , at music.microsoft.com . ) Zune , launched just over 10 years ago , stands as one of Microsoft 's few true failures . Despite the tens of millions of dollars it spent across multiple marketing campaigns , Microsoft discontinued its line of portable media players after six sluggish years . Even in its heyday , Zune struggled to capture even one - eighth of the iPod 's market share . Why did Zune , backed by the Microsoft tech juggernaut , fail to find its foothold ? One problem was timing . When Zune debuted , Apple had captured nearly the entire mp3 market and would announce the first - generation iPhone -- which would lead the smartphone market to quash standalone mp3 players altogether -- just months later . But unfavorable timing can be forgiven if your product offers new features that set it apart . And there lies the second problem that doomed Zune : It just was n't different enough from the iPod . Microsoft executive Robbie Bach , who headed Zune , later called it a " chasing " product , which , he said , gave customers little motivation to swap their iPods for Microsoft 's offering . How could Microsoft have avoided this ? How could any company now or in the future ? The answer lies in . . . proper product planning . Before you build your technology product -- or any product , really -- take these four steps to avoid spending millions developing something customers do n't want : The first challenge to a new product is n't conceptualizing the product itself : It 's choosing a problem to solve . If you ca n't articulate the customer pain point you want to alleviate , in one or two sentences , return to the drawing board until you and other stakeholders can . At UnitedHealth Group , for instance , Unmesh Srivastava , director of innovation and transformation , understands that costs are a primary problem for healthcare consumers . " Every year , the United States spends trillions of dollars -- approximately 17.5 percent of its gross domestic product -- on healthcare expenses , " Srivastava told me recently . " To address crisis - level costs , our Optum Care program has introduced innovations in revenue cycle management , care delivery and healthcare - cost containment . " SP The second challenge product developers face is not understanding whose problem the product might solve . A great invention with poor market fit might be a revolutionary discovery , but it 'll flop at release . Microsoft dug Zune 's grave by inadequately identifying a problem for Zune to solve . While Zune had some capabilities the iPod did n't , potential users -- many of whom had already bought an iPod -- simply did n't think the product addressed a pressing need . SP Although Microsoft prototyped Zune , it evidently did n't do so adequately . If it had , Microsoft would have learned prior to release that consumers did n't truly value Zune 's features . The company assumed they did , and that was its downfall . There 's nothing like a prototype to ferret out risky assumptions . Create one before you begin the product 's actual design or development , to level stakeholders ' expectations and limit scope creep . Once the prototype is finished , get it in front of target audience members to find out if it does , indeed , address the problem you identified earlier . Yeti , my company , recently prototyped a user engagement app for PlayStation . By exploring different user flows and gathering feedback , we found that the prototype gave us the confidence and direction we needed to continue the product 's development . Prototypes do n't just put risky assumptions under the spotlight -- they also shine a light on the product 's market . SP With Zune , Microsoft targeted the high end of the iPod 's market , hoping to capture users wanting more in a portable media player . Instead , interestingly enough , Zune displaced Microsoft partners ' comparatively low - end PlaysForSure devices -- effectively eating its own market share . So , test your own prototype with various demographics . By learning exactly who might buy your product , you can learn more about these consumers ' needs , forecast a price point and gain insights about marketing channels . Use this information to plan future iterations : Prioritize features desired by the product 's primary users , and create a secondary list of features that might help broaden the product 's user base . The final step in product planning -- road mapping -- is really a series of steps . Road maps focus vision and constrain actions , as product development proceeds . SP Begin by creating an agile road map . This document will typically offer a one- or two - week plan for completing a product 's most important features -- those desired by individuals within the product 's primary market . Next , architect a release road map . By bundling multiple agile road maps , the release road map will plan for the next release and prescribe the agile sprints needed to get there . SP Finally , develop a product life cycle road map . This long - term road map will shift over time to account for market conditions , business needs and user feedback . It 's comprised of multiple release road maps , mapping a product from ground zero to versions 2 , 3 and so on . A product road map template can help you get started . Every company , from entrepreneurial startup to corporate giants such as Microsoft , feels pressure to rush its products to market . First - mover advantage helps , resources are precious and profitability ca n't come soon enough . But when users do n't buy the product , being first wo n't matter ; saving a few thousand dollars by moving up the release date wo n't matter . The only thing that will matter is whether customers believe your product solves an important problem for them better than other solutions on the market . Zune may soon be gone , but for product developers , its lessons wo n't soon be forgotten . Tony Scherba is the president and a founding partner of Yeti LLC ( https://yeti.co/ ) , a product - focused development and design studio in San Francisco . Scherba has been building software since his teen years and has worked on digit ...
Last night saw 19 awards handed out at the techies 2017 to some of the UK 's most innovative startups , companies and organisations including GoCardless , Moneybox , Addison Lee and Genius Hub . The techies is Techworld 's annual awards to celebrate innovation , disruption and entrepreneurship across the UK technology scene . SP Winners are listed in this article . Here are some of our favourite snaps of the night .
Insurance companies love collecting data on their clients . The Internet of Things loves gathering data through every smart device . A match made in tech heaven ? That 's what ROC - Connect thinks : It 's partnering with CoreLogic in order to help insurers bring IoT devices to market . The impact could be huge : The Boston Consultancy Group has estimated that U.S. insurers could reduce annual claims in their nearly $ 10Bn - a - year industry by 40 to 60 percent , just with the real - time data smart devices could provide . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ As CES continues , I chatted with ROC - Connect 's senior vice president , Kevin Meagher , about the company 's presence at the event and their plans at the intersection of insurance and IoT. Here 's the Q&A. SP We help insurers by giving them a better way to assess risk . Historically , the traditional building blocks for assessing risk have been simple . Insurers use information about the customer ( credit risk , history of claims , etc ) , their property ( type , size , cost of rebuild ) , and the location ( weather , local hazards , etc ) . In the future , mixing this with IoT data will give much deeper insights . Data from devices in the home , information on the services customers use , and insights into personal behavior , will all help insurers make smarter decisions and to develop better business models . The existing consumer business models have significant limitations in a digital age . [ ... ] Savings are offered for having security systems and fire sensors even though more than half the customers never switch their alarms on and the fire sensor batteries are flat ! SP [ ... ] The biggest losses for insurance company relate to fire and flood where they typically pay out about $ 9 billion a year in claims . Placing simple leak detectors that sense both temperature and water to provide early warning of the leak can , as stated above , significantly reduce losses . Similarly , a connected fire sensor will improve safety and reduce response times . Consumers will benefit from instant alerts and in some cases , links to emergency response services . Insurance companies will benefit because for the first time , they will have data that shows that the devices are fitted and functional in the consumers home . We will move from the crazy position we are in today where insurance companies are offering discounts on security systems and fire sensors when 50 percent of customers do not switch the alarm on and there are no batteries in the fire sensor . Insurance companies will be able to move from simply mitigating risk to being proactive by helping consumers to protect all matters most and by delivering more value with the policies . Consumers will be offered simple , affordable , and scalable smart home solutions at much more competitive price points as possible wider bundle with their insurance policies . Moreover , when things go wrong insurance companies will be able to offer support and assistance . In addition , consumers will see more competitive pricing and discounts . The IOT and Smart home will reduce claims and much of this will get passed to consumers . In addition , insurance companies will start to bundle more services with their policies so , for example , in the event of a problem , they will partner companies like HomeAdvisor to provide support services . We have suites at the Palazzo Hotel where we will be demonstrating the various products and services we offer . In particular , we will be showcasing the work we 're doing with CoreLogic to offer insurance companies turnkey solutions for the smart . The IOT is going to be a game changer for the insurance industry . For the reasons explained above , they can use data from devices to mitigate risk and engage consumers . Consequently they will move away from the traditional risk model to develop true digital strategies and bundle more services . Some of these services will provide new revenue streams and take insurance companies well beyond their traditional service boundaries . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
When you 're in charge of an entire company , a little bit of stress is the appropriate response . Entrepreneurs are often burdened by poor sleep , tense shoulders , and stress headaches on a regular basis . Fortunately , there are more than enough mobile apps out there designed to get the heart rate down and improve your daily life . We asked five entrepreneurs which apps they use to make their day - to - day a little less stressful . Take a look at the list below and get your stress under control : I like to use the Breathe app on my Apple Watch . Sometimes , a simple cure for stress is to simply breathe . Meditation has been proven to calm your mind , and this app helps you to do just that . It reminds me each day to stop , take a deep breath , close my eyes for a minute and relax . In addition to the series of breathing guides , it also gives you gentle taps to help you focus . Simple , but effective . - Jordan Gurrieri of Orbit Path Microsoft 's OneNote app has been a life - saver . No matter where I am , I can jot down a few thoughts , to - do lists , or scheduling details and they 're accessible to me everywhere . It 's great for peace of mind . - Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates Search engine optimization is a stressful industry to work in , and it 's sometimes difficult hitting internal SEO objectives and deadlines while also maintaining a fun work environment . I pay for the premium version of Pandora and have it play in the office while we 're working . It helps lighten the mood , and when we need some comic relief , I put on an obscure station like traditional Chinese or the Christmas rap station . - Chris Rodgers of Colorado SEO Pros Meditation has been proven to increase productivity and reduce stress . I ' ve been using Headspace for almost a year . Many of the guests we interview on the podcast I run use it too . I swear by it so much that I bought it for family members for the holidays . Being able to take 10 minutes to focus on myself is one thing I can not give up . That time is sacred . - Steven Picanza of Latin & Code Running a business in New York City also means running around New York City . I would n't be able to get around town without Gett . Not only can I book my rides in advance but they also have $ 10 flat rides all over Manhattan . Knowing I can make it to a meeting with time to spare definitely alleviates my stress . - Steph Jill Cartin of Socialfly NY FounderSociety is an invitation - only organization comprised of ambitious startup founders and business owners . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Austin - based startup Snaplitics , Inc. today launched the Snaplitics Website Builder . The Snaplitics digital toolkit offers an affordable tool for creating professional websites and landing pages without having to hire developers . " A professional website that looks less than 3 years old and tells a story is a crucial component of a business 's success , " said co - founder Sean Hynes . " We wanted to make the process widely approachable to even non - tech - savvy users without inflated , never - ending developer fees . " SP Hynes and co - founder Mykola Bashlakov said it was their mission to provide a website builder that is five times faster and provides a reliably advanced alternative to prohibitively limited mainstream website creation tools . Snaplitics was launched based on the idea that the future of website construction is with easy - to - use website builders . As a web developer , Hynes experienced this firsthand when he was losing business to WordPress and their peer website builders . However , Hynes ' personal experiments with these builders proved to be incredibly limiting . He did not like being boxed in by static templates , unintuitive user interfaces , tedious hand coding , security holes , and loss of data ownership in services like Google Analytics . SP Hynes explained why he wanted to build Snaplitics , " I wanted to help business owners , employees , bloggers , and casual web users with all levels of technical experience to modernize their dinosaur websites and help them launch a successful business on the web . " Users can build their website with an intuitive row and column level drag - and - drop interface that is not restricted to a template . Innovative features like SnapStats analytics provide detailed , real - time data about customers , heat maps and more . Additionally , Snaplitics is equipped with powerful marketing software that includes lead capture pop - ups , integrated landing pages , and social media sharing . SP
Sydney - based human resources ( HR ) benefits and payroll platform Employment Hero has announced a partnership with ANZ that will see its HR technology rolled out to ANZ 's small business customers . SP The partnership will mean ANZ business customers gain free access to the platform early this year . SP It comes after Employment Hero raised $ 4.5 million last year from VCs including AirTree , OneVentures and AMP Ventures . The startups founder , Ben Thompson , told Startup Daily last November that the funding served as validation of the company 's proposition to Australian businesses . " We ' ve made significant progress in a relatively short amount of time . Our subscriber base grew over 300 percent in the first 9 months of 2016 , " Thompson said at the time . Speaking about the new partnership , Thompson said NZ approached him looking to use the platform solve a " major pain point " around their customers managing employees . Currently , 1,000 different businesses use the HR platform , with the startup stating it is on track to increase this number to 10,000 by 2020 , helped by the ANZ partnership . Founded in 2014 , Employment Hero offers businesses a cloud platform to help HR staff manage their employee performances , contracts , attendance and rostering duties . SP The platform has benefits for employees too , thanks to a reward system offering prizes such as discounts on gym memberships , electricity and gas , cars , mortgages and phone plans through brand partnerships . The startup said there 's also potential that ANZ utilises Employment Hero 's data to inform improvements on the bank 's credit approval model . " There are a huge range of options going forward however the thing we 're most excited about is providing SMEs and their employees with financial wellness and access to the best employee benefits , " said Thompson . " Obviously we also have some great opportunities to leverage data in new , more powerful ways . " ANZ 's Managing Director of Corporate and Commercial Banking , Mark Hand , said the platform will help support the " complex " process for employers running an SMB . " Staying on top of the administration can not only cost them money and time , but can also take business owners away from growing their business , " he said . " This platform contains everything an employer needs to recruit , manage , pay and engage their workforce in a simple cloud solution . " SP A focus on developing Australian HR tech sprouted towards the end of last year , with the introduction of Australia 's first HR accelerator , Human Capital . The accelerator works with large Australian corporates to run 12-week programs to help fuel innovation in the sector .
Viv is an AI assistant cofounded by the creators of Siri : Dag Kittlaus , Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham . The trio founded Viv in 2012 after Siri was acquired by Apple in 2010 . SP It allows developers to plug into and create an intelligent , conversational interface for anything . By connecting to a huge , global network , the founders say Viv will be able to perform a potentially endless list of tasks . SP The startup raised $ 30 million in three rounds from four different investors , before being sold to Samsung in October 2016 for an undisclosed sum . SP SP Asteria claims its product is ' the world 's first AI companion that you carry with you ' . The pocket - sized device , set to ship in spring 2017 , ' sees what you see , hears what you hear , takes in life as you do , and gets smarter all along the way ' . Cofounders Nathan Ross and Dan Gailey hope to encourage a large community of developers to build on top of the device , creating apps and features to boost its abilities further . The startup was founded in July 2016 . No funding information is currently available . SP Amy , built by x.ai , is described as an ' AI powered personal assistant for scheduling meetings ' . When you get a meeting request , if you cc in amy@x.ai , the AI will coordinate a time you can make with your guest for you . It costs $ 39 a month , or it 's free for five uses each month . x.ai was founded in April 2014 and has raised $ 34.3 million in three rounds from 11 investors . Cleo describes its app as ' an intelligent assistant for your money ' . Its AI integrates with your bank accounts to deliver relevant insights into your finances and help you save more cash . The startup was founded in November 2015 by Alexandra Wozniak and Barnaby Hussey - Yeo , as part of that year 's Entrepreneur First cohort . It is currently in public beta . Unloop is billed as a ' personal lifestyle enhancement AI ' by founder Noach Ben - Haim . The idea is for Unloop 's AI to learn about the user , build up a personality profile , then use this to suggest new activities , experiences , places and connections - helping people to break out of their monotonous daily routine . The startup launched in March 2016 , with a beta version of the app set to launch in November 2016 .
The desire to create is a hard one to kill . I ' ve had it all my life , from the comic books and music I made with my grade school friend Rick to the books I wrote and tried to write to the projects I built over the years . Now it 's become easier and , in a way , harder , to make something meaningful online , so after shutting down one startup last year , I ' ve decided to work on another one , Jaywalk , with a new team . My first startup was a deep learning experience . I learned about entrepreneurship firsthand , experienced the ups and downs ( mostly downs ) of building , raising and , ultimately , folding a company . I watched one friendship bend and another break under the unique pressures of dreaming something and watching the dream choke . It sucked . After all , I thought I was special . I ' ve written about startups for a long time and I was flip and funny and ignorant of the pain people have to go through in order to make something real . Sure , I had an academic understanding of the topic SP -- SP seed rounds , angels , development , media pushes SP -- SP but I had no real idea what all that looked like in practice . I like to think that 's changed and at the very least I ' ve been given a more sober vision of the future . The tech media have made startups seem like a real blast . You hang with your friends , write a little code and cash a check . When you 're young you can survive on ramen and heavy metal and you walk away unscathed , the hero of an action movie walking away from an exploding helicopter . But the truth is far more interesting . First the average and median age of most U.S. startup founders is 39 . While we mostly hear of the young founder straddling the world , what you rarely hear about is the older founder with years under their belt with an idea that will change an industry that they understand implicitly . The best startup founders do n't " disrupt , " per se . They improve . The byproduct of that aggregated improvement is disruption . Building things has also made me more compassionate . I used to run around the world yelling at people to quit their jobs , to get things done , to move fast and break things . No longer . I understand the value of a side hustle and the importance of research and planning . I also understand how rare startup success is and I try , in my own way , to assuage the grief of a new founder in a distant city who is finding out , as I did , that the world is cold and unfeeling and uninterested in your idea until , one morning , it is n't . It 's the expectation of the breakthrough that has to sustain you through arguments , failures and deafening silence . I understand the dangers and benefits of VC , the pride that some people have at bootstrapping , and the importance of the entrepreneurial spirit in small towns and cities . I understand why this process is seen as a ticket out . When I visit different places and meet startup founders , I try to be nicer and more helpful rather than dismissive . I ' ve finally taken to heart the old adage , " Let us be kind to one another , for most of us are fighting a hard battle."I'm lucky that I ' ve surrounded myself with smart people . Our latest startup , Jaywalk , brought me back together with my longtime college friend Rich , the guy with whom I worked on my first startup . We also have a solid team at an accelerator we joined in Boulder , Boomtown , and we 're slowly building out our dev and UX team in order to create an app that truly rewards you for walking around and discovering new things in your neighborhood . It 's something that 's very dear to me for a few reasons , namely because it 's almost impossible to get my kids to leave the house for a walk if I tell them we 're going to the park but far easier if I tell them we 'll get a cookie on the way back . We want to get people off their pocket computers and back into the world . I gave a talk about a year ago about how I felt after my first startup failed . It was called " This is fine . " I based it on that comic of the dog in the fiery coffee house . I focused on this quote:"Set your life on fire . Seek those who fan your flames . " -- RumiThis quote really bothered me . It was some serious spiritual bullshit . In the doldrums of failure , I saw it as a warning : Set your life on fire and watch what happens , sucker . That 's what I did . I quit a great full - time job , put my family at risk , broke bonds I had with people I loved . And Rumi is here telling me to light the pyre higher . You 'll know your enemies by how they fan your flames is what I thought he was saying . I was wrong . I realized that this quote meant something entirely different . It meant that you had to find the right people to help you grow , to help you expand , to help you get the most out of your adventure . You had to find people to fan your flames . Those people helped you burn brighter , not burn up faster . I found those people in my family , in my friends , in my online community . I found those people in the folks at the accelerator who placed early bets on us and in the folks I built stuff with . I 've spent the past two decades in my attic , writing . For me , building was always a solitary endeavor . Those friends helped me finally get out of my proverbial attic and I started building with others . And it 's that effort , the effort of creating in concert , that truly defines us as a species . My friends did n't fan my flames to burn me out . They fanned them to help me light up the dark . This is a long way of saying I ' m building something new . I 'll keep you posted , and let me know if you need anything .
Being an entrepreneur is n't easy . There are many challenges you have to face , from social pressure to financial issues . Above all these , however , lies the problem of creativity and productivity . In the entire course of time as an entrepreneur , you need to stay as creative as possible , and the same goes for productivity . Because you 're the one who sets goals , you need to stay on task on your own . Thankfully , music can be a huge help . Yes , you heard right . Music , if used correctly , can make you a more creative entrepreneur . The next time you 're all set to achieve a goal , you should know how to get the best out of music . These are some tips and suggestions and may vary as per your personal choices . In most cases , distraction is the bane of productivity . Having said that , there are instances when you need an effective way to distract yourself . For example , if you 're in the office and the whole environment is noisy , a little peace and quiet in the form of music can really help . Given that you have a nice pair of headphones -- preferably , noise - cancelling -- you 'll be able to distract from what is happening around you . Sure , being an entrepreneur means facilitating teamwork . But at the same time , a little privacy can go a long way . If that 's the case , music is there to help you . Some people come up with creative ideas when they 're depressed . But , that 's an exception . For most of the people out there , creativity is proportional to the good mood , along with several other factors . And , as the universal fact goes on , music is an effective way to get yourself feeling good . This good mood will hopefully lead to better creativity , which is always a bonus . In short , this is something you can count on -- music can help you get ready with the best mood for creativity . Just make sure that you have the exciting or joyful tracks on your playlist . Music is great for dealing with repetitive tasks . And , as you know , being an entrepreneur can get pretty repetitive . You may have to engage in several repetitive tasks , depending on where you are . At these instances , you can find music to help you with those tasks . According to personal opinions as well as several types of research , music has a good impact when it comes to dealing with repetitive tasks . This works so well because music brings a certain flow for our actions . Last but not least , music can give you the best creative workspace ever . However , there 's one condition . It 's simple enough that you should be listening to ambient music that refreshes your mind -- not some distracting lyrics or jamming rock . In the several types of research done , ambient music has proven to be an effective way to stay creative . The research points out that distracting elements in music should always be avoided . Instead , it makes sense to go with something light . Keep the music flowing , and you can see the flow in the creativity aspect too . Read more about music startups here on Tech . Co
MailChimp is one of the most popular mailing services offering a range of packages with no contract or credit card needed to sign up . With MailChimp 's ' free forever ' plan , users will be able to send emails to up to 2,000 subscribers and up to 12,000 emails per month . Additionally , its users will receive data insight reports , customisable built - in ' sign - up ' forms and a large choice of email templates with a drag and drop email editor . More information on MailChimp here . Benchmark offer an easy to use drag and drop email editor with photo and live editing available also . Benchmark 's free plan offers up to 2,000 subscribers , 14,000 emails per month and free 24/7 support . Sign - in forms can also be generated through Facebook or WordPress sites . More information on Benchmark email here . A worthy rival to both MailChimp and Benchmark , Sendinblue is an online email management system offering 9,000 emails per month , unlimited contacts and a large email template library for free . SP You can upgrade your package easily , for example , PS4.35 per month provides 40,000 emails per month and no daily sending limit . SP More information on Sendinblue here . With ReachMai i users can send up to 15,000 emails per month , have up to 5,000 subscribers and use numerous free email templates . This free service also integrates social media channels and detailed reporting . A spam checker and unlimited support is also up for grabs . More information on ReachMail here . VirticalResponse 's free email package offers up to 300 email contacts , up to 4,000 emails per month with no credit card required to set up a plan . VerticalResponse accounts can be linked to social channels and scheduled Facebook and Twitter posts can be hosted through VirticalResponse . More information on VirticalResponse here . Mad Mimi , while smaller than others listed , is ideal for small / home businesses with a limited but engaged audience . This platform offers users 100 contacts and unlimited email send outs . What 's more , Mad Mimi can integrate Google Analytics for real - time reporting . More information on Mad Mimi here . SendBlaster provides free downloadable email software . Unlike the others names in this list , SendBlaster provides a more basic model and can only send 100 emails at one time . It does , however , host over 100 email templates and can be easily upgraded to pro for unlimited emails and contact / database lists . SP The one - off fee charged for the upgrade is much lower than that of others so should n't be overlooked by smaller businesses that prefer on - premise software . GroupMail and Bigg Mass Mailer are also other good alternatives to this . More information on SendBlaster here . While not free in the traditional sense - meaning it has a free one month trial - Mailjet offers 6000 emails per month , unlimited contacts , real - time tracking and email personalisation . Upgrading is n't too expensive either with packages starting at $ 7.49 ( PS6 ) per month for a 30,000 monthly email allowance . More information on Mailjet here . Like Mailjet , Constant Contact is n't a totally free product , however , it 's listed because it offers a great free trial . For 60 days free users have access to all of Constant Contact 's marketing tools ( one of the longest trials on the market ) . Constant Contact provides numerous email templates , a drag and drop editor for customisation and excellent email tracking . The next package up from the trial is $ 20 ( PS16 ) per month , so it 's still a reasonable price for small businesses and startups . More information on Constant contact here .
Entrepreneur is on the ground at SXSW . Watch our coverage for highlights throughout the festival . Some of the most interesting ideas you read today about transportation are topics the Connected Car Council -- and its network of automakers , entrepreneurs , technologists , mayors and policymakers -- have been talking about for years . This year 's annual SXSW gathering , dubbed the C3 Smart Mobility Showcase ( and planned for Saturday afternoon ) , focuses on how emerging technologies will fit into the context of cities . Entrepreneur caught up with Doug Newcomb , the president of C3 , to learn about how transportation technology is evolving and what might be ahead . A few years ago , having cities involved in an event like yours seemed almost novel . And now it seems like a given . Have we all grown up ? SP What I ' ve seen , to use a sort of cliched phrase , is a sort of breaking down of the silos . We 're seeing the stakeholders talking to each other and that 's key -- whether it 's the automotive and technology companies or the people from policy or research and media -- and really get this networking effect . It definitely is maturing . A lot of the pieces are already in place , where someone may have the technology and it 's just a matter of connecting the dots . So I think that 's where C3 plays a role in getting these people together . Your sessions reflect the conversations swirling around transportation at that moment . What stands out in those conversations right now ? Technology is disrupting transportation , and technology has opened the door for entrepreneurs . One of the things we 'll be showing at the Smart Mobility Showcase is Chariot , a crowdsourced transportation platform , which was acquired by Ford in September . [ The founder ] grew up in Brooklyn and started this business based on these things called " dollar vans . " Guys drive around , and for a dollar they 'll give you a ride . He developed Chariot based on that concept , but instead of trolling the streets , he put it on an app . They 're really providing last - mile transportation . He filled a need . There was just a story a couple weeks ago about Argo AI , an artificial intelligence company that was just bought by Ford for a billion dollars . It had been around since November . That 's a little different case , of course . But these entrepreneurs have this technology and it 's getting scooped up . You 'll definitely see more car companies and others making these investments . And there are going to be these profound changes . You see a lot of transportation solutions . Some survive , some do n't . With the most promising ones , what stands out? Jaguar Land Rover has a startup incubator , and I was on the selection committee for the inaugural class . There were two students who created a parking app leveraging existing cameras , like the camera that shows the parking lot at Rice University stadium , so that you could see , " OK , I ' m not going to go on that side of the street . " That 's what I mean by connecting the dots . It 's filling the gaps and using existing ideas or technology to provide a service . Cities have realized that startups can keep them nimble -- especially when money is limited for infrastructure spending . But linking public infrastructure can be tricky to execute , yes ? I think that 's the maturation , in a sense , of the technology . SP I do n't profess to be an expert in public transportation , but what I ' ve seen is there 's an entrenched way of doing things . It is a certain amount of headwind , in a way , when you 're dealing with public - private partnerships . It 's going to be really interesting with the new administration that they want to invest in infrastructure . That 's going to be more of the bricks and mortar and concrete and roads , but hopefully there 's going to be some overlap . And if you 're going to build new roads and bridges and airports and all that , it 's time to rethink -- I feel , I think a lot of people feel -- how we 're going to do that to make it more efficient . What are a few really critical problems being addressed right now ? Traffic and parking cause such inefficiencies , like fuel waste and accidents . Traffic deaths went up for the second year in a row . Cities ca n't build their way out of this problem . I ' ve heard Mayor Adler [ Steve Adler , the mayor of Austin ] say that the thing that people come here for , quality of life , could be lost . Cities like Austin are going to have significant growth . Let 's keep them unclogged so goods and services can move more freely . Bosch is showing a new technology at our event leveraging existing technology , ultrasonic sensors -- the same sensors that tell you that you 're going to back into something and measure parking spaces -- and connecting that to a telematics unit in the car and to the cloud . [ This technology can guide drivers through traffic jams and minimize disruption to street traffic due to parallel parking ] . There are major pain points and I think technology can help with these . What 's an opportunity to be seized ? What 's untapped as of yet ? Big data is still a goldmine in all of this . With self - driving cars or some of these mobility apps , you start to see patterns where people go , how often they go there , at what times . I think that it 's kind of apparent but it 's still unexplored in a way . I think we 'll see how that data can used . And there are huge business opportunities for people involved in the space . What 's the one thing you 'd like people to get from your event but also from what 's happening in transportation right now ? Technology is going to create a new set of circumstances for cities , for societies and for economies . It 's like the internet 20 years ago . It 's always scary . You do n't know what 's going to happen . But it 's exciting . SP Linda Lacina is the managing editor at Entrepreneur.com . Her work has appeared in the Wall Street Journal , Smart Money , Dow Jones MarketWatch and Family Circle . Email her at llacina@entrepreneur.com . Follow her at @lindalacina on Twitt ...
As the Tech Nation 2017 report went out yesterday the UK government , startup founders and venture capitalists have once again highlighted the importance of regional " clusters " to help grow the sector across the whole of the UK , and not just in London . The report , which details the current state of the UK tech industry , shows that new clusters are popping up around the UK , adding to the successes of companies like DeepMind in Cambridge , Skyscanner in Edinburgh , and Sage in Newcastle . It goes on to say : " The rapid rate of growth of tech sectors in the regions is creating exciting and unexpected concentrations of tech companies . For example Bournemouth and Poole has the highest concentration of high growth firms in terms of annual turnover ; while Dundee has seen the highest percentage growth ( up 67 percent ) in jobs created , second only to London ( up 95 percent ) . " The report also notes that UK tech workers are paid on average 44 percent more than non - tech workers and that the distribution of these jobs is growing , with salaries in Newcastle , Sheffield and Leeds seeing particularly strong growth , with salaries rising by over 25 percent in the past five years . SP In a foreword for the report UK Prime Minister Theresa May noted that it is the responsibility of government to " deliver a high - skilled , high paid Britain where opportunity is spread across every community , not just the traditional areas of London and the South East " . However the idea of a Northern Powerhouse , and that the tech sector is given enough attention outside of the M25 , has often led to scepticism . Although the various clusters are growing , London still dominates most metrics . For example , digital turnover in London for 2015 was PS56 billion , with the nearest cluster being Reading at PS12.5 billion . What the report does show is that 2016 saw more investment from venture capital and private equity funds going to companies ' from outside of London than within . Based on data from Pitchbook for all venture capital and private equity deals in 2016 , PS4.6 billion ( 68 percent ) was invested in companies from regions outside of London , as opposed to PS2.2 billion ( 32 percent ) in London - based companies . Of the regions , Edinburgh - based companies brought in the most investment in 2016 at PS159 million , then Cambridge at PS153 million , then Bristol and Bath at PS109 million . SP Karen Bradley , secretary of state for culture , media and sports echoed the party line on the importance of distributing this investment across the UK . Speaking at the launch event for the report yesterday she said : " Money is pouring in from around the world and our task is to spread it around even further . " Wendy Tan White , who is currently a general partner at Entrepreneur First , takes a positive view of companies like chip designer Arm Holdings being acquired overseas , saying that it could be the UK 's " Intel moment " . " That liquidity really pushes investment into the cluster , " she said during a panel session yesterday . " There will no doubt be a massive influx of investment now around Cambridge because of that . With Skyscanner in Edinburgh , I know those guys are investing and really holding companies up there . For an ecosystem to work for young startups you need a set of mentors that have existed through every stage . " Saul Klein , a venture capitalist at Index Ventures agreed , stating that " exits create ecosystems " . Echoing White 's comments regarding an Intel effect , he was referring to the theory that a successful tech company can infuse capital and talent into an ecosystem and create more companies in the long term . The same effect can be seen more recently in the way that PayPal alumni Elon Musk , Ken Howery , Luke Nosek , Max Levchin and Peter Thiel went on to either build ( Tesla and Palantir ) or invest in ( Facebook ) some of the biggest tech companies of the past decade . SP The flip side of this though is that a lot of long term value is removed from the UK economy , as these companies profits end up going to US investors . As Giles Palmer , CEO of UK startup Brandwatch said : " I would focus on this idea that we create lots of [ intellectual property ] IP here and have great researchers but a lot of those guys end up creating value for the shareholders of American companies . " So I would encourage all of us to think about how we can build UK companies and on being a UK entrepreneur . Let 's take IP and talent and create British businesses that retain the IP and value as much as possible for as long as possible . " CEO of Sage Stephen Kelly added : " This is not binary , it is not London and the rest , we want all boats rising . The better London does , the better the UK will do . "
As consumers looking for love trial all the various dating apps on market in the hopes of finding the perfect algorithm that will lead them to The One , the swipe - to - find - the - perfect - x model is making its way beyond the dating space to other sectors , from recruitment to music . SP For an industry built on collaboration , facilitating it is difficult . There are only a handful of platforms aiming to help musicians find each other out there and even less that try to solve the enormous issue of helping local talent find work . Many popular platforms are constrained by the early 2000s model of boring design , drop - down menus and other stagnant user - interfaces ( UI ) . To bring these connection platforms to the modern age , Melbourne - based startup Vampr has taken inspiration from the contemporary dating app model to develop an app that allows musicians to more easily connect with each other . The startup 's founder , Josh Simons , said the app fills a gap in the market where there exists little to help musicians and music industry members to connect or discover each other beyond the likes of music curation platforms such as SoundCloud . SP " The connection area is one of the only sides of the music industry that hasn't really been helped by technology . The actual process of meeting someone hasn't been touched , " he said . Simons , who is expectedly a musician himself , identified this issue while working around the world , seeing the problem was n't just down to Australia 's geography but rather a global problem . " I thought there must be an easier way to connect . Any good tech comes from a founder who 's come from a pain - point and is trying to solve a problem . So I set out to fix something that I felt , " said Simons . To research what makes a successful connection platform and then apply that to the music industry , Simons looked into what specifically competitors were doing wrong , comparing their features to that of successful dating apps . " Why did dating apps work ? There 's no gamification or fancy overhauls , it was the automation of it all , " Simons said . Looking to separate itself from the " ugly process " used by similar apps on the market , Vampr automates the connection process by using integration with Facebook 's API in order to create a user 's profile and capture their likes and interests . Describing this as a " one - click " process , Simons said the only manual work a user has to undertake is attaching a SoundCloud or Youtube account to their profile so that other users can listen to their music . SP Users are also able to control their location radius , determining the range of who they 're able to discover . Vampr 's algorithm then provides a user with suggestions of people to connect with based on their profile information , a process which is strengthen by how much information the user provides . " Our algorithm uses the Airbnb model , where the more information you give the better the results , " Simons explained . Beyond suggestions , the app caters for users who want to connect with a specific type of musician by providing optional search categories . There are over forty search categories in total , which spans across a plethora of not only musician roles but industry roles too . " It 's anything from a record label , to percussion player , to roadie , to graphic design wanting to design something for a band , " said Simons . Simons said there are no limitations to what users can use the platform for , adding that it can even be used as a dating platform for music lovers to find each other . Despite this comment , the app 's design and marketing presence predominantly targets musicians . To actually connect with another , the process works similar to the average social media platform , where a user can view another profile , and send a private message to start a conversation . SP Opening up towards potential privacy issues , the startup did n't mention Vampr having any privacy options , instead using an " instant audition " approach where one can quickly see all the information about another user to see if they 're the right find . Since launching last year , Simons said the app has ramped up a user base in the thousands across 71 different countries . SP To spread the Vampr name , the startup has been using a " city - to - city " approach of travelling between different major cities to market the app locally to ensure that each city is building with a sustainable user base that can continue to flourish over time . " Word of mouth is a more positive way to scale , " said Simons . Although the app is n't currently monetised , Simons said the startup will look to implement a premium feature and potential cost per engagement advertising once the user base grows . SP In the meantime , the startup has been bolstered by three rounds of investment from investors " across three continents " , raising over half a million to date .
Deepgram , a YC backed startup using machine learning to analyze audio data for businesses , is open sourcing an internal deep learning tool called Kur . The release should further help those interested in the space get their ideas off the ground more easily . The startup is also including 10 hours of transcribed audio , spliced into 10 second increments , to expedite the training process . Similar to Keras , Kur further abstracts the process of building and training deep learning models . By making deep learning easier , Kur is also making image recognition and speech analysis more accessible . Scott Stephenson , CEO of Deepgram , explained to me that when the company was first getting off the ground , the team used LibriSpeech , an online dataset of audiobooks in the public domain split up and labeled for training early machine learning models . Deepgram is n't reinventing the wheel with its release . Coupled with data dumps and open source projects from startups , universities and big tech companies alike , frameworks like Tensorflow , Caffe and Torch have become quite useable . The ImageNet database has worked wonders for image recognition , and many developers use VoxForge for speech , but more open source data is never a bad thing . " You can start with classifying images and end up with self driving cars , " added Stephenson . " The point is giving someone that first little piece and then people can change the model and make it do something different . " Getting Kur into the hands of developers will also help Deepgram with recruiting talent . The strategy has proved itself quite useful for large tech companies looking to recruit technical machine learning and data science engineers . Via Kurhub.com , developers will soon be able to share models , data sets and weights to spur more innovation in the space . Deepgram eventually wants to release weights for the data - set being released today so DIY - ers can avoid processor intensive training altogether . Even with a relatively modest 10 hours of audio , models still take about a day to train on a GPU and considerably longer with an off - the - shelf computer . If you end up exhausting the Deepgram data set , you can also easily expand it with your own data . All you have to do is create WAV files with embedded transcriptions in 10 second increments . You can feed data - hungry deep learning models with more resources in the public domain to improve accuracy .
Any parent will tell you that being the human taxicab can be exhausting , stressful , and allows for little time for errands . SP To help with daily duties , Phoenix families will soon be able to receive a little help from Waymo , the former Google self - driving car project , and let the car do the driving while mom or dad sit back and catch up with the kids . Today , Waymo announced an early rider program and the first public trial of their self - driving cars . Residents in the Phoenix metropolitan area can apply to use Waymo 's fleet of self - driving vehicles to do everything they would do on a daily basis . Waymo will be adding 500 self - driving Chrysler Pacifica vans to the fleet with a total of 600 on the road . But do n't worry , in the initial stage of the program , Waymo will have a test driver at the wheel . The company 's goal is to obtain riders ' feedback such as rider experience , how they would use a self - driving car and learn how to shape the future of how our vehicles will work . In the latest report The State of Autonomous Vehicles , by Brian Solis , Principal Analyst at Altimeter , there are over 22 automakers and 34 hardware / software companies helping to develop self - driving cars . " 2017 is set to push us even closer to science fiction , " Solis said . " And with each new startup , partnership , acquisition and technological breakthrough , we are witnessing a transportation renaissance that will affect every industry . So buckle your seat belt and get ready ; it 's going to be an exciting ride . " To date , Waymo has racked up almost 3 million miles of autonomous driving to date , over 1 billion miles of simulated driving in 2016 alone , they ' ve developed four generations of self - driving vehicles and test drove in four cities . For Phoenix metropolitan - area residents , Waymo is looking to learn from people with diverse transportation needs and they can apply for the early rider program here . SP Earlier this year , our team rode in a Waymo and here is what we thought about it . Here 's a closer look at the Waymo Car during their test run in Phoenix with the Governor of Arizona and interview with Jennifer Haroon , Waymo 's head of business , about the tech under the hood . SP
So , 2017 is here and it 's time to look to the new year . Hey look , that rhymes -- poetry and startup business nous in one sweet article , are n't you lucky ? Anyway , here is some top - notch startup advice from three startup founders about how to stay productive for the next 12 months . Sediarus Perrotta , the founder of Shelf , an information curation platform that allows businesses to capture , find , and share content , says : " In our fast paced , always on society , it is all too easy to get lost in the digital noise of our multi tasking lives . There is a cognitive cost to task switching that consists of losing focus and increasing stress levels that has been proven by renowned MIT neuroscientist , Eric Miller . " My biggest productivity boosts comes from creating two hour blocks of time in which I log out of all my online accounts , turn off my cell phone , disconnect the Wifi , and put on noise canceling head phones so I can just focus on the one most important thing that must get done . " It 's absolutely incredible how much better your work can be when all the distractions are eliminated and you know you have the time to work uninterrupted . " Chris Smith , the co - founder of Curaytor -- a digital marketing platform provides software -- says less is more and can be made possible by doing a digital cleanse : " Every year on Black Friday I do a digital cleanse that includes using Unroll.me to unsubscribe from all the unnecessary email lists I am on . I also unlike and unfollow all Facebook Pages and Profiles I no longer care to see updates from which includes removing myself and block the ability to be added back to as many Facebook Groups as I can . " After I delete every app from my phone that I can , then turn off every notification on my phone that I can -- this includes 100 percent of the red badge app icons . " Normally , I prune my Twitter List by several 100 accounts but this year I actually uninstalled Twitter from my phone all the way . I only find myself checking trending topics these days which are nearly always a distraction . This actually takes several hours to complete , if you are meticulous , but the ROI is infinite . Your spouse , kids , co - workers , and even pets , will all notice and appreciate it . " Ethan Beute , founder of Bombbomb , an app that records and sends video by email , urges entrepreneurs to de - clutter their inboxes : " Save time in your inbox and get better replies and results by talking instead of typing - by using simple webcam videos in some of your emails . " On average , we speak four times faster than we type . And in video , we 're communicating more clearly and connecting more effectively than through plain , typed - out text . When your email has extensive detail , subtlety , nuance , emotional tone , or other things that take a long time to write , consider just hitting record and explaining it by speaking . I use BombBomb 's Gmail plug in to do this every day . "
As Bitcoin is again breaking the $ 1,000 value threshold , there 's no telling where the cryptocurrency can go from here . It has proven to be more stable than many of the world 's economies and serves as a way for humanitarians to do some good . In 2017 , it is already clear Bitcoin will be a major disruptor . But let 's take a look back and see which industries have already felt the power of Bitcoin . We 'll start with the obvious one here . Bitcoin has majorly disrupted the banking industry , allowing people to access a money that 's not controlled by a central government office . Instead of needing a bank account , people all over the world can send and receive Bitcoin from their mobile phones . In the early days of Bitcoin , financial experts called the cryptocurrency a threat , but attitudes have changed drastically . Even major banks like Citi have embraced Bitcoin , saying that it brings the opportunity for true innovation . Over the past year and a half , several global financial institutions , such as MasterCard , BNP Paribas , Visa and J.P. Morgan , invested in blockchain startups . Some experts suggest that Bitcoin could save the banking industry as much as $ 20 billion by eliminating middle - man costs . These big firms realize that Bitcoin can be an entry into emerging markets , where people often do n't have bank accounts -- but they do have mobile phones . Humanitarian efforts in countries with nearly worthless currency have realized that Bitcoin is a valuable asset . Among the charitable organizations accepting Bitcoin : Human Rights Foundation , the American Red Cross , Electronic Frontier Foundation and the United Way . The very same thing that many people fear about Bitcoin is a strength to those in countries with uncertain financial climates : Bitcoin is n't led at the whim of a governmental office . Bitcoin , in many cases , is more stable than currencies like the Venezuelan bolivar , allowing people to buy Amazon gift cards to purchase necessary goods and supplies . Embracing Bitcoin has been a win - win for charitable organizations : they 're able to tap into a more affluent and often younger donor base , while people receiving Bitcoin have a donation not tied to their country 's volatile currency . Donation via cryptocurrency also allows donors to be anonymous , if they wish . Last year , The Water Promise ( a nonprofit working to provide reliable access to water in impoverished countries ) received $ 23,000 in anonymous donations from the Bitcoin community on Reddit . The organization noted that Bitcoin donations have funded several projects over the past two years . Blockchain startups have already started to disrupt the $ 15 billion music industry . Last year saw the rise of companies such as Ujo Music and Stem , making it easier for artists to get paid by fans for their work uploaded to YouTube , Spotify and other streaming sites . By using a Bitcoin - based payment model , fans can directly pay artists for their music , without record labels and producers taking a huge cut . Instead of being at the mercy of a record label , many musicians today are managing themselves and going peer - to - peer for payment . Using blockchain technology can give artists better control of their earnings . Artists want to be paid quickly and fairly for their work , something these startups are working for . Stem gives musicians an efficient framework for content creation , distribution and revenue generation . Even Mark Cuban is a fan ( and investor ) . Through Ujo Music , artists can create a digital wallet for fans to send Ether ( the digital currency of the Ethereum blockchain ) if the music has their toes tapping . Other startups , such as Kashcoin and PeerTracks , are also using blockchain technology to foster a better deal for artists and a deeper peer - to - peer payment system . Much like other industries , a focus on Bitcoin and blockchain technology within the music technology is aimed at cutting out the expensive middlemen . With Bitcoin , you can step into some of the world 's most popular casinos -- without leaving your house . Bitcoin casinos have done what Caesar 's Palace ca n't : truly offer you an online gambling experience . As the U.S. has heavily regulated online gaming , the digital currency is fueling a boom . One of the biggest of these online gaming portals ? Dragon 's Tale , a role - playing game that uses Bitcoin instead of chips . In 2013 , a study showed that at least half of all Bitcoin transactions were related to gambling . One of the earliest popular Bitcoin gambling sites , SatoshiDice , saw as many as 12,400 bets per day in 2013 . In the first three years of Dragon 's Tale , players earned jackpots totalling more than 406,000 Bitcoin ( roughly $ 44 million ) . In the near future the online gambling industry could easily be disrupted even more by the rise of Bitcoin . SP
The amount of awards given out to companies both big and small is truly staggering . And while you might think a congratulatory mindset in local ecosystems can create an overly supportive community , the inclination to celebrate smalls wins is what keeps startups going long enough to realize their true potential . And if that is n't what starting a business is all about , we do n't know what is . In fact , acknowledging and celebrating the measurable wins is part of the road map to success because it builds community . With a supportive ecosystem , startups can revel in the communal approach to running a business . " When choosing milestones to celebrate with your team , start by examining your core values . Then , identify concrete , measurable things you do as a company to support those values . For instance , if one of your core values is exceptional customer service , a good measurable milestone might be getting 20 five - star customer reviews on Yelp . Every time your team hits a milestone , go out for pizza , a movie or a happy hour . " While you might think celebrating small milestones is only good for businesses , you could n't be more wrong . A supportive ecoystem bodes well for everyone involved , even the government . As the Harvard Business Review touts in a report on building successful entrepreneurial ecosystems , celebrations matter . " Governments should be bold about celebrating thriving entrepreneurial ventures . Media events , highly publicized awards , and touts in government literature , speeches , and interviews all have an impact . " Founders typically spend their time plotting ways to change the world and are focused on their daily grind . But awards are an easy way to stop and showcase their efforts , giving employees and supporters a chance to highlight the little wins , which provides a path to inspire future founders . Celebrations offer ecosystems an opportunity to engage all of the players that make a difference . Ecosystems are more than the top startups ; they are the organizations that provide advice , the investors that provide guidance , and the peers that provide support . That is why awards matter . As an emerging ecosystem , local Connecticut leaders are heeding the conventional advice and engaging the community to create the inaugural CT Entrepreneur Awards . The CT Entrepreneur Awards will celebrate the entrepreneurs and support system that make Connecticut work . The inaugural awards will recognize a variety of individuals and organizations that connect , collaborate , and communicate amongst each other to help entrepreneurs succeed . Want to learn more ? Check out the answers to some frequently asked questions about the CT Entrepreneur Awards below : The CT Entrepreneur Awards recognize the individuals and organizations that are instrumental in running the state 's ecosystem . From community builders and events to government officials and advisors that continuously support entrepreneurs , the awards celebrate local leaders that make a difference . The CT Entrepreneur Awards are community driven . We have established nine main categories to collect a broad array of leaders that create the foundation for entrepreneurs to succeed . In phase 1 , we ask you to nominate as many leaders as possible that deserve recognition for their work in the community . During January , we are collecting nominations . From that broad list , we will narrow the field and hold final voting in February . The awards ceremony will be held in late March or early April and act as the event to bring together all of the people dedicated to supporting entrepreneurs throughout the state . SP Head on over to the website now and nominate your peers , advisors and organizations that have helped you throughout the year !
ASX - listed data intelligence company Invigor has announced today its acquisition of Singapore - based Sprooki in an all - scrip - or all - shares - deal worth a total consideration of $ 10 million . Four million dollars ' worth of Invigor shares will be issued to Sprooki vendors , with a further $ 6 million worth to come subject to performance milestones . According to a statement , Sprooki is expected to add more than $ 2 million in revenue to Invigor in the next financial year , with a further $ 3 million per year to be generated in " revenue synergies " . As part of the deal , Sprooki cofounders Claire Mula and Michael Gethen will take senior leadership roles at Mula ; to be based in Sydney , Mula will be appointed COO and an executive director , with Gethen to oversee the company 's Asian operations from Singapore . Sprooki chairman Bob McKinnon , former Commonwealth Bank and Westpac CIO , will also become non - executive chairman at Invigor . The startup had announced upon appointing McKinnon last year that it would be looking to raise up to $ 7.5 million in funding ahead of an ASX listing . Invigor chairman and CEO , Gary Cohen called the acquisition a " transformational " one for Invigor thanks to " depth of talent " the startup will bring to Invigor 's board and and management ranks . It comes , he believes , at a time when bricks and mortar retailers are most in need of its solutions . " With the imminent arrival of Amazon , something that has been much publicised in Australia recently , we have witnessed a surge of interest in data - driven digital solutions that can address loyalty , pricing , and shopper behaviour , " he said . " With the Sprooki acquisition , we will now have the necessary range of solutions to provide the antidote that these enterprise and SME customers need to compete more effectively in an increasingly competitive retail environment . " Mula added that the two companies have complementary products , and therefore are together stronger and " aligned to unlock opportunities from existing and new customers and markets " . She said , " The growth that can be achieved from combining our services and rolling them out across three large regions , together with our joint R&D , will be a major benefit to our customers and their shoppers . " Founded in 2011 , Sprooki 's data - driven platform allows retailers to engage and transact with customers through their connected devices , also allowing them to capture customer data in order to provide shoppers with a more personalised experience . Sprooki allows retailers to send shoppers location - based messages , vouches , customised product recommendations , and loyalty cards and other rewards . The startup has seen significant growth across Southeast Asia , where it 's used by major shopping centres including Far East Square in Singapore and Crescent Mall in Vietnam , and brands such as Forever 21 and Marks & Spencer . It saw its first deployment in Australia at the Manly Wharf Precinct in Sydney last year . The importance of mobile in - store is strong : a report released by PwC last year found that almost 75 percent of almost 23,000 shoppers surveyed across 25 countries reported using a mobile device while in - store , with the most common uses being to compare prices with competitors , research products , access a coupon , or check reviews .
Telstra has appointed Julie Trell as the new head of its accelerator program muru - D , following the departure of cofounder and former chief Annie Parker to new Sydney startup hub Lighthouse . Most recently the founder of Playful Purpose , Trell has worked in a variety of roles , including a long stint at Salesforce . Philip Jones , acting chief technology officer at Telstra , said Trell 's diversity of experience and leadership made her the right fit for the role . " Julie is excited to get started at Telstra , to get involved at muru - D and help take the program to the next level and , through that work , continue building the startup ecosystem both in Australia and globally . " " I can not wait to see the positive influence and inspiration Julie will have within muru - D , the wider startup ecosystem , and across Telstra as a whole . " Trell , who will be relocating to Sydney from San Francisco , said she is excited to work with Telstra and its growing family of startups to create " a uniquely Australasian entrepreneurial culture for the digital age " . SP " Companies like Telstra realise that a new generation of workers want real social impact and strong values to be a part of daily life in how and where they work . " It comes after the accelerator announced the eight startups taking part in its fourth Sydney intake last week . Entrepreneur in residence Ben Sand said updates to the muru - D program helped attract " more ambitious and more developed " companies to this intake . The accelerator updated its funding model late last year , switching to an uncapped SAFE note . Sand said , " We also actively hunted for more mature companies , who traditionally would be less likely to consider an accelerator . " " This cohort demonstrates a depth of experience , innovation , and global ambition that is a level above anything we have seen before , in line with kuru - d 's vision to keep evolving the program and attract the best talent . " The startups selected are : SP Agriwebb - a platform looking to transform livestock production , with 800 farmers already on board Alta - Alta is seeking to build the first long play , multiple player game for virtual reality Bron.tech - wants to make blockchain as easy to use as a coupon at the grocery store Flobox - making it easy for small businesses to compete with bigger companies when it comes to social media marketing Flurosat - uses hyper spectral cameras on drones and nano satellites to look at the health of crops GeoInteractive - like Google 's Street View , but for underground , with maps created through a hardware product similar to a GoPro Patch'd - a medical sensor allowing real - time patient monitoring from anywhere in the world Snooper - a crowdsourcing app that sees shoppers collect in - store data and share their experiences with brands in real time
Startupbootcamp has been busy since its arrival down under was announced by LaunchVic last August . The organisation , a global network of industry - focused accelerators founded in Copenhagen in 2010 , received $ 600,000 from the Victorian government 's startup body to help it open a hardware lab in Melbourne and fund the launch of an accelerator program this year . As it gears up to open the doors to the lab and applications for the accelerator , Startupbootcamp has been working to immerse itself in the Melbourne startup landscape through other events , for example partnering with facilities management provider Spotless Group to host an IoT and datatech hackathon at the MCG last November . To further its focus on the Internet of Things , Startupbootcamp partnered with the City of Melbourne to host IoT & Data FastTrack for Melbourne Knowledge Week last Friday . With the City of Melbourne looking to establish Melbourne as Australia 's ' smartest ' city , the event saw local startups pitch to a panel of industry experts and network to seek out opportunities for collaborative . For Trevor Townsend , managing director of Startupbootcamp , the involvement of the City of Melbourne was key ; rather than startups working in silos , he believes more must be done to drive cross - collaboration and connect startups to the right people who can help them develop and deploy real - world solutions that will improve the way cities operate . " The significance of having a large city council supporting the ecosystem can not be underestimated . Startups focused on Smart Cities solutions need input from the city to ensure that solutions are viable and meet the city 's needs , " he said . " Policy makers should be supporting startups , as both an economic stimulus through new job creation and as well as a way to get new and innovative solutions to citizens and visitors . " Dr Jackie Watts , a City of Melbourne councillor and chair of the Knowledge City portfolio , said the City recognises that startups are central to ensuring Melbourne 's " knowledge economy " grows and thrives . " In sustaining the ' liveability ' of our city we encourage talented knowledge sector workers , and investment tends to follow this talent . It is crucial that we consult with the startup community to better understand the core needs of those with the talent and the drive to start up a businesses in Melbourne , " she said . Consultations with the startup community are becoming increasingly important , with the City gearing up to deliver its Startup Action Plan . This plan , Watts said , is being designed to foster a supportive and inclusive business culture , accelerate innovation , and provide access to municipal data . On this front , the City of Melbourne already runs an Open Data platform , which boasts almost 100 data sets for anyone to use ; such data sets include a 24 hour pedestrian counting system , which aims to help the City and users understand pedestrian activity in busy locations . Among the startups presenting on Friday was SofiHub , a smart device using sensors to learn what is normal activity for a person in their own home , allowing it to detect abnormal activity and alert loved ones of potential emergencies , and GoGet , the car sharing platform that is now working to develop a fleet of cars that provide disabled individuals with an easier , smarter mode of transport . Also pitching were CyclePort , a smart bike sharing system with electric bike charging capacity ; muru - D grad SkyGrid , a platform looking to simplify the process of servicing and repairing utilities through an equipment monitoring service that ensures technicians arrive with the correct tools for the job , even before a fault has even impacted the user ; and Augmented Reality Experts , developing a platform allowing anyone to create their own AR content .
Investment company 88 mph recently broke a long silence by announcing an investment into flight booking and management app for small businesses , Ahoy . Though the LinkedIn post , written by the 88 mph founder Kresten Buch , detailed the investment , it did n't have all of the details . Ventureburn reached out to Buch to ask a few quick questions on why 88 mph invested in Ahoy , the amount invested , as well as any future plans the company may have . Ventureburn : How much was the exact investment ? Otherwise , can you give a ballpark figure ? Kresten Buch : 88 mph went in together with four other investors . Our contribution was approx R1.5-million . VB : Do you know what Ahoy will be using the investment for ? KB : They are building a booking.com style engine for flights . Busy business travellers need simple one - tap booking , so they do n't need to bother with 3d - secure or filling in credit card info all the time . They should be able to make changes and cancellation in app . The ability to create bookings for others as a team leader sending staff around the world , check in on your seat preference , make sure miles are updated . Basically , things leisure travellers do n't care much about , but when you fly more than 3 - 4 times a month then people care ... all these things take time to build with a reliable support system around it . VB : Why invest in Ahoy over its competitors ? KB : Corporate travel management services like BCD and Carlson Wagonlit are built for corporates with sophisticated travel rules and staff that plan far in advance . Fast - moving companies and expansion teams do n't have time for this process . Ahoy has teams from big companies who are supposed to use these traditional services , but for these expansion teams , the responsiveness and flexibility matter a lot , so they use Ahoy instead . On the other hand , you have online booking engines like Expedia or Travelstart . They are more flexible , but target mostly tourists , so are n't able to offer services around the bookings , like easy changes , cancellations , check - ins , miles admin , and 24-hour support . VB : Are there any other investments on the horizon for 88mpb ? KB : Everything we look seriously at comes via an intro from people we know well . The most interesting investments are where I ' ve followed the development of the startup closely for quite a while before they want us to go in . We do n't have resourses to explore the very [ early ] stage companies that require a lot of help .
Though SpaceX had worked to prepare for its first robotic mission to Mars with its Dragon spacecraft in 2018 , Elon Musk 's company will now shoot to make the trip in 2020 . " We felt like we needed to put more resources and focus more heavily on our crew program and our Falcon Heavy program , " SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell explained at a press conference before the company 's successful Falcon 9 launch from Cape Canaveral . " So we 're looking more for the 2020 timeframe for that . " Falcon Heavy , SpaceX 's largest and most weight - bearing rocket , has not been tested yet . The company hopes to use the rocket to launch the Dragon spacecraft on to Mars and test out if the lander can successfully lower itself to the surface . If it works , the spacecraft will be the largest vehicle to arrive on the red planet . Last fall , Musk said he anticipated that the first manned mission to the planet would commence in 2026 and land on Mars in 2027 . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
A year ago , after closing my first startup , I attended one of those conferences that you 're supposed to attend . There were a lot of old friends there , folks who I had n't seen in a while , and there was the usual collection of panels and panelists , Power Points and Pellegrino . As I stood in a sun - full room clutching a coffee someone asked me about my first startup . The reaction was swift . First I felt the old gut churning , the fear . It was like bringing up the name of a family member who had recently died , like raising old ghosts . I started to talk - " We just were too early , it was a good experience " - but then it got harder and harder . A failure is a blow . It 's a pop to the nose , tears welling up not out of sadness but out of surprise and anger and disappointment . Disappointment in yourself , in your choices , in your inability to stick to it . A feeling that you should have done better . A feeling that you rarely get as an adult in a cubicle , sitting and waiting for the next paycheck . It 's a feeling that I knew I needed to feel but it was also a feeling that hurt to the core . This is n't a post about crying at a tech conference . That happened and it was at once embarrassing and enlightening . It 's a post about one or two things you 'll feel when you build and how to cope . The brogrammer will say that you 're not ready to be an entrepreneur if you ca n't handle this shit . He 's wrong and he 'll get his soon enough . This is a human activity more akin to art than science . Any art that does n't make you feel something is a waste of your time . So when you embark on this remember that what you 're feeling is perfectly normal and perfectly dreadful . First , listen to your body . When we were raising funds in New York and the Valley I 'd wake up in a panic . I 'd wake up not wanting to work . For the first time in my career I did n't want to go to my computer and get started . I was gaining weight . My guts were broken . The fear was palpable . I tried to fix things through work but , and this is something I took with me to my new startup , Jaywalk , I found that what I needed was to walk or run . I needed to get out . Some kind of movement tended to calm me gave me a moment to solve my problems . One particularly rough day I walked 80 blocks through my neighborhood , from down near Green - Wood Cemetery to Downtown Brooklyn . It felt good to be out . I started running four times a week recently and I feel much better . I learned from my friend Rich that walking releases endorphins and helps the body heal itself . Further , when you feel this way , when you wake up in a sweat day after day , there are few things to check . First , tell your partners or programmers what you 'd like to change . There is always something - in our case we 'd have long meandering talks about stuff that did n't exist yet , a problem that is symptomatic of having a bad tech stack . In retrospect I could n't have changed much about that experience but you 'll find that you often feel better when your tech is going right . Find the thing you need to change . A startup is an engine for experimentation . Experiment in order to hone in on the true problem . Raising is also a stressor . Again , the old Brosephian adage , " Suck it up , you big baby " does n't apply here . I ' ve heard from hundreds of founders , candidly , that they hated raising . The rejection , the waiting , the curt emails back - all of these are arrows to the back . Eventually you fall . If you can bootstrap , do it . VC is in a strange place right now and the old days of team and a dream are over . Until new models firm up I 'd honestly explore equity crowdfunding and crypto - based raises . I 'll write more on that later . I also recommend something that I ' ve been trying , a form of behavioral therapy . I ask myself why I feel this way , what immediately preceded the feeling , and then work out a solution . It 's drastically simplified but it helps . Startups are full of stress . The stress of managing people , of quitting your full - time job , of handling the ups and downs of startup life all lead to a dangerous mix . That mix is where I really wanted to go today . Startups are dangerous in that they bring you the brink again and again . They can destroy you . I ' ve seen too many young , promising entrepreneurs end their lives because of some perceived failure . May is Mental Health Awareness Month . Brad Feld and his friend Chris Heivly have already written about this . Please read what they have to say . Their stories are far deeper than mine . In short , given the right ingredients , startups can bring you to the point of depression or and exacerbate mental illness . If you or someone you love are facing this then please , please get help . I ' ve offered a few coping mechanisms here but I have never been visited by evil thoughts . I ' ve been visited by sadness and fear and disappointment and disillusionment and I ' ve tried to fix them as best I could . I often failed but I got back up . I want all of us to get out of this alive . If you need help please consider visiting The Stability Network or FIRE Within . Visit The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Chat or call 1 - 800 - 273 - 8255 . Talk someone you trust . If you 'd like to chat I ' m johnnybnyc on Skype and my Facebook Messages is open . There will be a day when you cry for lost opportunities . There will be a day when you miss what could have been . And there will be a day , not long from now , when it all makes sense and you can finally smile . SP Image via Unsplash / Christian Puta
Plastic is a problem . It 's a problem that Scottish startup MacRebur is taking on one mile at a time . MacRebur is aiming to challenge three major world issues : Repurposing millions of tonnes of waste plastic , saving millions in the cost of road repairs and strengthening our existing roads . The idea for the startup was born when CEO and co - founder Toby McCartney - who happens to live on a road plagued by potholes himself ( delete ' himself ' ) - visited India and witnessed people melting down plastic they found on local landfill sites to repair potholes . While the method he witnessed on that trip was n't particularly environmentally practical , McCartney left with the idea of using waste plastic to replace and reinforce the roads here in the UK and beyond . Both potholes and waste plastic are potentially hazardous - uneven road surfaces increase the likelihood of road accidents , whereas plastic lying dormant in landfill sites is harmful to our environment . Repurposing that waste plastic to work towards improving the safety of our roads whilst creating stronger , more resilient roads that will stand the test of time is at the heart of MacRebur , and their startup is hitting the road hard . While McCartney 's trip to India saw him witness waste plastic being crammed into potholes , doused in petrol and set alight , MacRebur 's approach to using plastic in new and existing road composition has a little more strategy and environmentally conscious thought behind it . Rather than simply filling holes with the plastic that may wear away faster than traditional road materials , MacRebur is pelletising a mix of waste plastics and adding them to existing road materials , strengthening the material used to fill potholes and create new roads . Traditional road materials such as asphalt and bitumen are costly - road repairs are funded from the tax - payers ' purse , making innovation in this space in the greater interest of everyone and their neighbour . By adding the waste plastic pellets to the road the cost of producing the material is reduced , waste plastic is recycled effectively and the roads themselves will last longer - a win - win situation for all . The company has conducted extensive testing into just how well these roads will perform , and has created road surfaces for lorry parks , airport runways and council roads . The company hopes that their expertise will help to change the way we build roads and recycle waste plastic in the UK , Europe and eventually worldwide , and as the 2016 winner of the Virgin Media Business Voom competition the company has gained national support for their venture . Its success in this competition has helped the team build their business from an idea to a tried and tested offering , and with its funding mission in full swing , the team seem to be on the right road to changing the way we travel for the better . SP
The way companies think about design , their customers , and the interactions between the two has come a long way over the last few years . It used to be that the customer was almost an afterthought , considered only when it came to how many dollars they would be willing to shell out for a product or service and how to best market to them . As of late , however , there has been a shift to the ideas of design thinking and human - centered design : at the core this means connecting to the customer , understanding their needs , wants , and ways of operating , and putting them at the core of the product or service . Helping organisations across a variety of industries embrace the concept in order to offer customers something better is Neoteny , a design consultancy working through a user - centered perspective it calls people - focused design . Design director Michelle Gilmore cofounded the company with Nic Chamberlain in 2010 after growing tired of " bashing my head against a few really fundamental conceptual problems " she had with the industrial design space . Chief among the problems was that the solution to a problem and the channel through which it was to be delivered was often defined before the problem was properly understood . " As an industrial designer you 're told to design physical products , as a graphic designer at the time you would be doing print media or you were taught to solve problems through visual communication , and architects solve problems through buildings , whereas the channel or the discipline or the medium should n't really be defined until you understand the best way to solve that problem , " Gilmore explained . " I was just a terrible employee , and probably would be now , because a client would already have the solution in mind or the agency would try to put forward a solution that was based on the fact they had expertise in that particular discipline , therefore we were going to pitch this as a solution to the client and I would say , what if that 's not the right fit ? Should n't we check that and should n't we validate that ? " Frustrated by this and what she saw as a subjective , ego - driven approach to design , Gilmore linked up with Chamberlain , formerly head of digital at 303Lowe - now 303MullenLowe - to launch Neoteny . At the core of the company then and now is the aim to " design a world that works beautifully " , Gilmore said . What that looks like in practical terms is working with organisations from startups through to corporates , governments and non - profits to make sure they create products and services that deliver on objectives . " We believe that business problems are better solved if they are based off a real understanding of the people that will use the product or service , which is why the organisation exists , " Gilmore said . " It 's not necessarily about going out and asking people what they like and what they want , it 's about scratching the surface and really getting deep into why people make the decisions they make and how that might turn into a profitable outcome for our client and balancing the necessary organisational needs with the needs of their users . " In its aim to balance these needs and satisfy both sides , Gilmore said Neoteny will turn away organisations that want to only pay lip service to the idea . " If they are not capable of making objective decisions , they wo n't get to a successful outcome , which means we wo n't succeed , so there 's no point . Through conversations at the start of the relationship and the start of the project there 's ways that we can essentially expose that , have a conversation on it , and hopefully reframe that and change that point of view , but if we ca n't we just walk away , " she said . Despite this , a number of large organisations have signed on . Among Neoteny 's first clients with Westpac , with which Gilmore was working as a contractor . When they had a large project they had to give to a company , Gilmore said she registered Neoteny and took the project on . Having a big name on board saw the likes of Woolworths and NAB follow suit , with government departments including the ATO then approaching . " It 's funny that six or seven years ago it was actually somewhat easier to get corporate clients than it was to get startups , " Gilmore said . " It 's a little bit different now , but at the time they were understandably conservative and funding for startups in Australia did n't really exist then . " One of the better known startup names Neoteny has worked with is taxi booking and payments service Ingogo . In its approach to designing the startup 's app , Gilmore said the Neoteny team first sought to understand the context of use by going out and using taxis . One of the biggest things they found was that people were using the app in the periphery ; that is , they would hail a taxi and then look away from their phone to continue on with a conversation . In response to this , when a taxi arrives the Ingogo app alerts the user through a sound . The fact that a user is not continually staring at their screen also explains the app 's driver tracking , which updates to show the taxi 's location and how far away it is every minute or two rather than tracking its every movement like Uber does . Also incorporated into the app was a strobe light passengers can activate to ensure their driver can find them so they get into the right taxi . " It 's all about us being able to understand the people that will use the product and service and how they will use it , " Gilmore said . " With Ingogo that looks like us riding in taxis , when we worked with Australia Post it looks like us being behind the counter and serving people , when we were doing work with Tourism Australia it looked like us traveling to tourists and asking questions along the way . " It also means testing and prototyping and then watching people use the prototype . In China while working on the Tourism Australia project , Gilmore aid the team built a prototype overnight and then spent the next day with a family planning a trip to watch how they were using it . " That made it possible for me to then come back to a leadership team and say , I know this opportunity will work because I ' ve seen it in the market , I ' ve prototyped it and validated it . Of course the detail of it was n't there , but it was about validating the concept before we put too much time and effort into it , " Gilmore explained . Previewing what 's coming for Neoteny in 2017 , Gilmore said it is working with the Australian National University on the student experience , and is looking at joining forces with architects to work on large spatial design projects , looking at designing more efficient and effective spaces .
A minority of startups are lucky enough to never have to shake down others for cash . Either they are self - funded , or they make enough money from clients from day one . However , for most companies investors are vital to help them get off the ground and subsequently expand . Techworld spoke to entrepreneurs who have been there and done it . We got their advice on how you find investors , how you judge which investor is right for you , and how you then agree terms . Here 's what they had to say ... The first move is to look at your contacts book . Who do you know , and how can they help you ? Nick Katz , cofounder of Splittable , recommends a form of networking called ' spiderwebbing ' , where you meet entrepreneurs , high net worth people , plus friends and family , pitch them on the business , and try to get them to introduce you to at least two people . Carlos Espinal , partner at Seedcamp , agrees it 's worth trying to get introductions : " A strong and functional relationship is the key to any successful investor - founder engagement . As such , the best way to approach finding investors is through introductions from people you trust . " You have to pitch to a lot of people so be prepared to deal with rejection during this early phase . This is no bad thing - in fact it helps you to improve , says Katz , who pitched 109 people for his first PS150,000 round just over two years ago and ended up with eight investors . He has since raised PS1.2 million across three rounds . " Getting ' no 's ' makes you stronger but importantly , no matter how awesome you are your first pitch will be 1000x worse than the final pitch you deliver to close your round , " he says . Katz adds : " This is one of the best reasons to start with friends , family and investors you wo n't be upset about saying no , i.e. people you think would probably say no , no matter what . Burn some of these investor meetings early ! " It 's also worth allotting more time to fundraising than you expect . Katz says it takes " somewhere between two to four times the amount of time you think it will ... you wo n't close in two months . It 's going to take six to nine months for your first round " . You need to do your research , advise ManoMano founders Philippe de Chanville and Christian Raisson . Check investor listings and ratings , look at the types of startups they invest in , keep on top of the latest news within your industry , try to get an introduction from a third party , they suggest . Finally , you should always aim to meet a potential investor in person , not just via phone or email . You should think of an investor as an extension of your team , according to Adam Ludwin , cofounder of Captify . Use their insights , knowledge and experience but " ultimately take the viewpoint that from day one you will include them in your strategy and growth plans ... Listen to your investors and you 'll be better poised to avoid damaging pitfalls , " he says . Ideally you want a mix of investors - some that are supportive and boost your confidence , and others that are more challenging and push you on , says Katz . Colette Ballou , founder of Ballou PR , agrees . " Look to bring in investors of different genders , races , ages and sexual preferences . Your customers will be diverse so it is important that your investors reflect the company 's audience , " she says . Espinal says there are three simple factors : relationship ( can you talk openly together , and could you deal with a crisis ? ) , functional capability ( does this investor have the right background to help you ? ) and focus ( does this investor invest at the stage and sector your company is in ? ) . It 's worth remembering it is a two - way relationship , so do n't be scared to ask investors what they can bring to the table , advises Ballou . " Do they have expertise in expanding companies into different markets or building a great company culture ? Can they help you get follow - on funding ? SP Ask them directly , take note of their answers and hold them to it , " she says . Katz offers the following advice : During meetings Katz advises listening carefully , trying to avoid interrupting and suggests adapting your pitch to each individual investor you meet . Get advice from people you trust and who have knowledge of negotiating investment terms - be it entrepreneurs , lawyers or other professionals , suggests Katz . Watch out for " predatory early stage investors " he warns - of which there are many . It 's worth trying to create competitive tension with multiple , competing offers - but keep it simple . " Try to be as plain vanilla as you possibly can . The simpler the better . The better , the faster you close , " he says . It 's important to be flexible , advises Colette Ballou . " For people who ca n't afford to invest , consider placing them on your advisory board and granting them a small amount of equity , " she says . Ballou also recommends term limits for advisory board members : " It 's controversial , but consider having one - year term limits for advisory board members - renewable , of course . Why should you be stuck with advisory board members who no longer fit your needs ? " Although it 's tempting to be aggressive , remember you 'll have to work with an investor for a long time , so find someone you can negotiate a fair deal with , says Espinal . " Prepare in advance by familiarising yourself with what are standard VC terms ... Pick your battles and be knowledgeable about what is standard by also asking other founders of similar type of company and that have received venture backing , " he adds .
Reflecting the waves of tourist buses clogging city roads , Australia 's international tourism numbers are continuously increasing - roughly 4.3 million international visitors ventured down under for the purpose of travel in the year to February . In response to this large market , the startup landscape has seen a plethora of ' social travel ' solutions emerge ; from Travello to HerePin , Triplify , Backpackr , Bindle , Thubit and timeBlend , many local startups have launched looking to become the next big thing in the travel world . An international startup launching in Australia today is KimKim , looking to shift the experience of booking travel . Through an online platform , KimKim connects customers looking to book a trip with a travel specialist either based , or well versed in , the country a customer wants to travel to . Over an online chat , the travel agent will work beside the customer to put the trip together , with the ability to share links , pictures , itineraries and other documents over the chat for the customer to access . Once a traveller is on their trip , they 're able to use KimKim to contact the travel professional if any issues arise or to ask additional questions , with the response time decreased due to the likelihood of the travel agent residing in the same country the traveller is staying in . As the startup 's founder , Joost Schreve put it , travellers are able to " troubleshoot in real time " . " We 're reinventing that travel agent model in a more distributed way , " he said . A veteran of the travel industry , Schreve previously founded a travel startup called ' EveryTrail ' , acquired by global travel platform TripAdvisor in 2011 . The entrepreneur then moved on to working within TripAdvisor , an experience he said provided him a lot of valuable insight into the travel industry , especially considering the company 's massive 390 million average monthly unique user base . Seeing what both did and did n't work in the travel space , five years into the TripAdvisor gig Schreve decided it was time to move on and launch his own startup again , based around bringing the travel specialist role into the digital age . " When you try to plan and book a great trip , it 's a very complex process . You can either do it completely yourself , which a lot of people do when they 're a bit younger and they ' ve got the time ... at some point [ however ] , you get tired of trying to wing it and want someone to help organise it . There are n't really any digital solutions for that , other than going to traditional travel agent , " explained Schreve . Launching roughly a year ago under the name ' HiveTravel ' , the startup soon adopted the more memorable ( and admittedly a little odd ) name , KimKim , inspired from an interaction between a customer and travel agent on the platform both named ' Kim ' . Development was supported by funding from Silicon Valley angel investors , with the KimKim team moving to raise US$ 1.5 million ( AU$2 million ) , and combine it with Schreve 's own contributions . Using connections in the travel industry , Schreve onboarded two travel specialists from Iceland and Nepal onto the platform , locations picked thanks to their " smaller market " size and more streamlined travel options , which made it easier for the startup to handle the early testing stages . Building out a network of specialists across Myanmar , Peru , Colombia , Jordan and now Sydney , Schreve said each travel expert has been vetted and interviewed by the KimKim , to ensure they 're up to scratch . He added that most of the agents come to the platform as existing industry veterans in the travel industry with their own established booking business , and they use KimKim to acquire new clients and expand their offering from bricks and mortar stores to online . Leveraging the platform comes at a fee , of course , with 15 percent of the profit a travel specialist makes going to the startup . Once on board , each travel specialist is monitored by KimKim to ensure they 're working beside the customer . The startup will also act as a middleman when connecting customers to specialists , a decision which is based on asking the customer a few basic questions while having them write a short description about the trip they 're imagining . " We discovered the best way to get a customised trip is to get a few descriptions for them . It does n't have to be very long , just a few sentences from them . That 's then sent to our team to review the request , then connect them over chat to a specialist , " said Schreve . Entering the chat room , customers are able to add in their travel buddies to share in the discussion , while the travel agent is also able to tag in their coworkers if need be . Booking a trip from this point often requires some time of back and forth between the customer and travel expert , a process that Schreve explained is to make sure the agent has the time to put the best trip possible together to fit the customer 's needs . " There 's usually a few version of the trip plan , so it can be roughly 20 days for a plan to be completed sorted . This does n't mean they 're chatting the full time , of course , but rather it 's a back and forth conversation ... that can occur at any time . They may log off , and come back later , " said Schreve . Following the launch in Australia , KimKim will soon be looking to raise funding again , as Schreve said the business is looking to build out its product , global travel specialist network and team numbers to deal with KimKim 's growing user base .
Building the right teams can make or break a startup and finding the right people to fit the company culture is a priority as well . After all , if you do n't have a qualified team of motivated employees to develop , sell , market , and eventually bask in the glory of your company , you 're going to have a bad time . We asked five founders for advice on building the best team for their company . Check out what they had to say and make sure your startup teams are firing on all cylinders : Building a team is probably the most difficult thing you will do . When we hired people , we tried to think about what skills , and previous experience would be good . Most of the times , we got it wrong , but we did n't keep someone for a long time , that was not working . We once heard the phrase , " hire quickly , fire quickly , " and we stand by it . - Nathan Rothstein , cofounder and president of Project Repat Truly trying to find people who understand the startup life , and preferably , ones that have lived it before . Startups have their ups and downs and while many people say they are up for it , the minute the going gets though , the ones who ca n't handle the pressure and stress leave . I ' ve seen this happen a few times where companies I ' ve run have gone through some rough patches and inevitably , some people end up leaving because they ca n't handle it . So finding team members that have personally lived the startup life before is a huge bonus . - Scott Ferriera , managing partner , cmdR Consulting Find smart people who care about the product . The most important thing you can do early on is build a team of people who move fast , work hard , and genuinely care . Your product will always change , and your early team members will have a huge impact in shaping it . Our team uses our product personally on daily basis and this has helped us build a great product . - Yunha Kim , Founder of Simple Habit Julie , our software Systems Architect , looks for what she calls force multipliers . The basic question is , " Is the person able to positively influence beyond his / her set of tickets ? " Force multipliers make everyone look good , not just themselves . - Zachary Watson , CEO of HoneyCo Building a team is the single most important component of building a business . A strong team can make a mediocre business successful , and a weak team can destroy a terrific business . As you invest in a powerful team , that quality flows through to customers and investors . - Tom Rose , founder and creator of Testive Read more advice for startups building teams at Tech . Co .
Last year we dubbed a new startup , ShearShare , startup of the year due to a combination of their amazing team and organizational focus . When we last spoke to the founders , Courtney and Tye Caldwell , they were nearing the end of their time with 500 Startups , but already seeing the impact of their time there . Having now graduated from the program , we touched based with Courtney and Tye to learn more about their experience with 500 Startups , the role data plays in their future , and what comes next for the team . Though the team will likely have some bigger news in the coming months , we learned that the Texas duo will be planning a move to Silicon Valley . This comes after having built a foundation of great mentors during their time at 500 Startups , and also establishing stronger relationships with interested investors . In the near - future , they also plan to add additional members to the team , but will initially be tapping their network to find the most suitable candidates . SP " It 's an experience like no other , " said ShearShare cofounder Tye Caldwell . " There is really nothing to compare it [ an incubator ] to . 500 gives us perspective of where companies need to focus and prioritize their efforts . You always think you are doing things that are necessary to grow the business , but 500 really outlines the ABCs for a startup . " Mirroring that of Tye 's sentiment with 500 Startups , ShearShare COO Courtney Caldwell was blown away by the entirety of the experience . " Sometimes it 's hard to put the experience into words . There is almost no adjective to label it . 500 is so hands on , it 's clear that they are committed to your long - term success , " said Courtney . " If you 're on the outside looking in , you 'd think incubators are only about seed money and office space , , but now that we ' ve met with a lot of founders that have been through multiple programs , the motto for the 500 Startups Seed Program really rings true : 500 strong , 500 family . People live that . And you ca n't put a price tag on it . " More Than Money and a Workspace For startups , raising money typically comes with a bundle of caveats , requirements , and future involvement from investors . Whether a startup prefers the hands - on approach or would rather ford the river on their own with minimal investor check ins , there are plenty of options to choose from . Between incubators and accelerators , 500 Startups commonly sets itself apart by truly investing in a company 's future . " Sure , they give you money , and that means they are heavily invested in your success .. But it 's not just a meeting here and there , " said Courtney . " The staff at 500 Startups Mountain View was always there , ready to help . We asked one million if not two million questions , and they answered them as if they were hearing these questions for the first time . From soup to nuts , that program was on fire . " 500 Startups Demo Day Speaking of fire , below you can see ShearShare 's demo day pitch from 500 Startups ' Batch 19 . SP Other than adding some fuel to ShearShare 's plans , 500 Startups also threw in enough startup rocket scientists to help their organization move further than the launch pad , but actually touching down on the Moon . For Courtney and Tye , that means identifying priority areas for the business and tackling them head on . According to Tye , they are taking these new learnings , and bringing their work to Mountain View . The goal of their big move is to become further integrated into the startup ecosystem , and " We are doubling down on our priorities . " Four months down and new priorities set , ShearShare is now set on tackling growth and the customer experience , with the data to back up the need . Social media metrics ? No . Emails sent ? Definitely not . So what metrics does a startup in growth mode need to focus on ? The answers are specific to each startup , which is why ShearShare 's ability to prioritize their work based on data was so important . " We are the only SP marketplace solving this particular B2B beauty problem , so our biggest indicator of success is SP the number of empty salon and barbershop seats filled . User retention is key for any organization , as well as cost per acquisition , " said Courtney . " Our goal is to keep beauty businesses open and to provide places to work for stylists who ca n't afford costly overhead . Our customers are coming back , so as long as we fill a seat at the end of the day , we are doing our job . " As far as growth goes , the company has several areas of focus this year : expanding into cities based on request saturation , SP customer acquisition channels , and a new influencer program . The latter comes as a result of the team 's success with word - of - mouth marketing , but they will soon be able to reward those who are lending a hand . " We move when our customers and data say to move . Just look at the number . You ca n't ignore what the numbers say , " said Tye . Read more about our Startup of the Year program here at Tech . Co
Any job seeker looking for their next move knows the first place to look if they want to get a comprehensive scope of their options are online career platforms . However , with hundreds of jobs being posted each day across Seek and Indeed 's various categories , finding the perfect - let alone secure - role to apply for is difficult to say the least , especially if you 're searching within the vast array of casual or freelancer positions . SP Air Events Global is an online job marketplace looking to bridge the gap for freelancers looking for casual work in the events industry , by offering a space where event specialists are able to monetise their skills . Businesses and everyday users wanting to host events are able to post job briefs , detailing the list of roles they 're looking for , which can stretch from booking a virtual assistant to digitally pre - plan an event , to professional wait staff to cater an event . For the startup 's founder , Victoria Garlick , developing the platform meant a way for her to merge both sides of the event industry together , and fill the void that each were experiencing . As an Event Management lecturer at the International College of Management in Sydney , Garlick said she saw that a number of her students were struggling to obtain casual work in the industry both while studying and once graduated . " They also were frustrated having to have a locked schedule with a part time position and really wanted control of their own schedule , " said Garlick . " On the other hand , clients were telling me how often they needed an extra set of hands for the pre - planning of an event or at an event , and could n't rely on volunteers as they were not turning up or when they did , were not contributing or taking ownership over their role . " Similar to what other niche job market platforms such as MEETIG8 , which connects risk advisors to large businesses , mean to the compliance industry , Air Events Global wants to achieve in the events space by offering a " self - serve " option for businesses . Traditionally , businesses either hire an in - house marketing or event employee to complete any event work , or contract someone from an employment agency ; both of which are costly processes . Moving past these traditional methods and towards the digital landscape , Garlick explained that an online shared economy model is able to " empower " users , in that businesses are granted complete control over who they hire and how much they spend , while freelancers are strengthened with enough options to pick and choose a role that suits them . " We are aiming to change the way people think about employment and services and give event freelancers liquid access to available work , giving them the unique opportunity to find work to fit in with their timetable and maintain a flexible lifestyle , " she said . Elaborating on how the platform offers flexibility , Garlick explained that Air Events Global will intake a lot of specialised users working across the scope of the events industry , meaning businesses are able to hire workers who meet their exact needs , rather than employing a general marketing or event practitioner . SP " It covers all event services , from booking casual event staff to work pre , execution and post events , booking a makeup artist to do professional makeup for a bridal party , to booking a Virtual Assistant to work on the pre - planning of an event , " said Garlick . Planning to launch this week , Air Events Globa a is sticking true to its name by opening to a global market and allowing freelancers and clients to connect both internationally and locally . To post a job , clients first create a profile for themselves before developing a brief of the event they 're hosting and the budget . Posting to the platform is free , with the startup taking a fifteen percent commission of the payment to each event freelancer . To find employees for an event , the platform works akin to other job market sites , allowing businesses to find freelancer profiles and vice versa . For an event freelancer to currently join the platform , however , their resume and credentials are first screened by Air Events Global in order to maintain a high quality of candidates . In addition to filtering employees , Garlick said to ensure both employees are businesses are protected , the startup also acts as a middleman for payments . " Once the client finds the most suitable event freelancer , they accept the event freelancer and transfer the funds into the Air Events Global secure payment system and after the work is successfully completed , the funds are released to the event freelancer , " she said . For larger events , businesses are able to create a " group event brief " for their listing , which will outline a number of roles they 're looking to fill . At the end of an event , Garlick said the client and freelancer will be able to rate each other 's profile and leave a short review . " Although the event freelancer profiles are screened initially , the aim is for the platform to be built through the online reviews and testimonials , " she said . Having bootstrapped the development of the platform , Garlick said the startup is currently seeking investment opportunities , which will help spur its growth . " We are looking to build critical mass within the community and focus on the absolute basics of how we can continue to impress our customers . Our focus at this stage is to grow our userbase and offer a wide array of event services globally , " said Garlick .
National Australia Bank 's ( NAB ) digital - only banking service UBank has announced the release of RoboChat , an artificial intelligence ( AI ) assistant designed to guide homebuyers through the entire home loan application process . Built on IBM Watson 's Conversation API , RoboChat combines machine learning and intuitive language to respond to customers across forty home loan topics as well as hundreds of associated questions . Set to operate 24 hours a day , UBank said the AI was trained on data collected from customer questions that were submitted on the existing LiveChat and , of course , will continue to learn as more customers engage with it and ask begin to ask unlisted questions . There 's also a touch of humour in - built in the assistant , with the example " How much does a hipster weigh ? " and the response " An Instagram " provided by UBank ( we 're hoping though that over time the AI will also cultivate a better sense of humour too ) . Jokes aside , CEO of UBank CEO Lee Hatton said the new technology will help simplify the often laborious process of applying for a home loan , while speeding things up for customers - so much so that you can complete the process faster than you can eat breakfast . " If you ' ve gathered all of your paperwork , the form can be completed in as little time as it takes you to have your breakfast . And , securing one of the most competitive rates in the market could help a customer save thousands of dollars in interest over the life of a loan , " she said . Operating under NAB , UBank was launched in 2008 as an exclusive online and over the phone banking service , its digital focus set with the aim of trying to simplify banking processes . With the introduction of RoboChat now streamlining much of the home loan process , UBank was keen to assure that the AI assistant wo n't be snatching away employee jobs anytime soon ( no Skynet , yet ) , with the company 's current customer service team set to stay on board . Rather , RoboChat will join the current live chat function offered on the platform , with customers able to access either option based on their needs . " UBank will still have experienced staff on hand to chat on the phone , via email and our live online chat offering ; RoboChat will provide an added option for those needing quick online responses or those that are close to finalising the form , " Hatton said . AI assistants in the home loan process are on their way to becoming a new fad , with Aussie startup Online Home Loans looking to enter the market with their own AI , Sophie . The assistant , also built on IBM Watson , holds similar machine learning capabilities to RoboChat . However , Sophie was developed with the purpose of helping homeowners identify what type of loan they 're qualified for , with the startup looking to ' train ' the AI to the point of being able to guide customers through the entire application process . According to IBM Asia Pacific Vice President Brock Douglas , there is indeed a growing trend amongst virtual assistants . Douglas stated that this year alone , IBM Watson 's series of API 's will engage " more than a billion people , across 20 industries . " " From deepening the customer experience , to increased productivity for employees , virtual assistants are being adopted across industries and becoming more advanced in natural conversation and emotional intelligence , with the help of cognitive technology , " he said . " UBank 's work with IBM Watson is a powerful example of how organisations are leveraging cognitive virtual assistants that have the ability to engage in a conversation , ask questions , learn and respond in context , as opposed to providing stock responses . "
Startup UW on Friday hosted TigerLaunch , a competition of 15 teams of university - student entrepreneurs . ( Startup UW photo ) SP A club at the University of Washington is ready to help launch the next big thing . Startup UW is a student - run entrepreneurship group that provides a support network and resources for innovative students . The club 's mission is to assist students -- most of whom are undergraduates -- turn their ideas for new products and businesses into a reality . On Friday , Startup UW for the first time hosted 15 entrepreneurial teams from across the West Coast in a collegiate pitch contest called TigerLaunch . Judges for the regional competition selected five winners who will go on to a national contest being held at Princeton University in April . Five of the teams presenting on Friday were from the UW , including one of the winners , SafeFlame , which is working on a technology that turns organic waste into clean - burning cooking fuel . " Entrepreneurship is alive and well at the UW , " said Matt Koenig , president of Startup UW , and a junior studying finance . SP " We have kids coming from every department to do this . " Startup UW was founded about five years ago and has 80 members . The club is affiliated with the university 's Foster School of Business and its Buerk Center for Entrepreneurship . About 60 percent of the members are from STEM programs , 30 percent from business and the other 10 percent from a variety of majors including communications , public health and design . Michael Petrochuk , a UW senior in the computer sciences program , joined Startup UW as a freshman and was part of the TigerLaunch competition . Startup UW taught him " everything I know about entrepreneurship , " Petrochuk said . His venture is called Wardrobe.tips , an online service that advises male shoppers trying to build a well - chosen professional wardrobe . " It 's so critical to dress well because it affects how people perceive you and your self - confidence , " Petrochuk said . In addition to SafeFlame , the other winners Friday were Pyur Solutions , a non - toxic pesticide for eliminating fleas , ants , cockroaches and other insect pests ; Mecanodontics , an alternative approach to orthodontic braces ; Frenzy , a fashion venture ; and ConserWater , an app that uses NASA satellite data and weather data to help farmers internationally figure out how much to irrigate their crops . Other competitors included Trusted H2O , a team from the UW that is researching reverse osmosis technology to provide clean drinking water in developing countries ; Bulletin Flights , which promotes itself as " the world 's foremost private aviation networking service " ; and Sypht , a team from the University of Oregon , which is working on an app that can quickly scan terms of service and user agreements in search of red flags . Many of the teams had already successfully participated in other pitch events and hackathons , providing some initial resources that helped them get started . Some found support from university programs . UW students have access to UW CoMotion , which has 3D printers and other resources , as well as a business plan practicum offered through the Buerk Center . The resources are out there , Koenig said , " you have to be scrappy and find a lot of this on your own . " Aadith Moorthy is a student from Caltech and the founder of ConserWater . If he wins in the finals , he already has plans for the prize money . ConserWater is still early stage , Moorthy said . " Once we get funding , we plan to increase our marketing operations . Penetration is the hardest for individual , small farmers . " The judges for the West Coast contest were Greg Gottesman , managing director at Pioneer Square Labs and venture partner at Madrona Venture Group ; Karen Mooney , COO at C+C ; Marion Desmazieres , tech business developer for Amazon Alexa ; Sarah Boden , deputy executive director and COO for Access Services , which administers Los Angeles County 's transportation program for the disabled ; and Alan Leong , founding advisor for the gene therapy company Sigma Genetics . The teams going to the finals in April will compete for $ 30,000 in prize money , as well as the opportunity to meet with national venture capital firms . The student entrepreneurs , said Koenig , " are solving some crazy problems for the world . " TigerLaunch operates separately from the University of Washington Business Plan Competition , which has awarded $ 1.2 million in prize money to 139 student companies in the past 18 years . Team registration for that competition is open from March 13 to April 3 .
Startup Founders may wonder how they would benefit from being a part of an accelerator . As one who ran the Sprint Accelerator powered by Techstars from 2014 - 2016 , I saw many examples of the ecosystem in action - it is so vast and comprised of different types of people - entrepreneurs , mentors , investors , corporate partners - the benefits of being a part of an accelerator ecosystem benefits are equally diverse . One great example is the Firebrand Ventures investment in Sickweather , a Techstars alumni company . SP SP Sickweather is a sickness forecasting and mapping app that scans social media for reports of illness and uses a patent pending process to turn those reports into accurate real - time and forecasted sickness data . For those lil ones that are prone to catching every germ and bug out there , this app can tell you what illnesses are popping up in your area and forecast future outbreaks . This startup was part of the first class of the Sprint Accelerator powered by Techstars in 2014 and made fantastic progress during the program , even inking a deal with Sprint 's mobile ad division Pinsight Media . SP After Demo Day , SP Sickweather set out to raise capital and landed an investment from Brad Feld 's FG Angels syndicate . Even though CEO Graham Dodge and his team went back to Baltimore and California after the program , they kept in touch by sending regular email updates to mentors and investors . I ca n't overstate how important this is ! David Cohen wrote about this in his blog post Do n't Go Dark . By having founders do this , it was one of the ways I learned Sickweather landed key partners including The Weather Channe e and Clorox . They also always gave a heads up when they were visiting conferences or coming back to Kansas City . There were valuable touch points to keep the relationship strong . SP In August 2016 I transitioned from my Techstars Managing Director role to a full - time investor and launched Firebrand Ventures , a seed fund that invests in early - stage software startups in the Midwest . Techstars was hugely supportive . My mentors Brad Feld and David Cohen provided invaluable advice and I was fortunate to add David as an advisor . Find out what other startups doing to attract investors When Graham told me they were raising a round it was a relatively easy decision to invest in them . Graham did his part by keeping me up to date about their great progress and ended up a great fit for our investment criteria . Most importantly , I had known him and his core team for over three years . I always thought the health data analytics part of their business had huge potential and after two years their data set had become valuable to consumer health and pharma companies . I joined their board shortly after Firebrand invested . Ever since that 2014 Techstars program , Graham and his cofounders loved Kansas City for its super supportive community , great food and music , and low cost of living . As a result of the Firebrand investment , Sickweather decided to open an office in Kansas City and possibly move the headquarters there . The KC startup community is buzzing and it 's perfect timing as the new Techstars Kansas City program kicks off in July . The Techstars network is also fantastic for funds like Firebrand . It 's no coincidence that three of our first four investments so far were in Techstars alumni . Beyond investments , I ' m a big believer in Give First . I plan to continue mentoring at as many Techstars programs as possible . I look forward to continuing to play an active role and investing in more great Techstars companies ! Read more about startups in Kansas City here . This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
The Dutch startup ZIVVER has just secured an investment of about EUR3 million from venture capital investor henQ and current investors . ZIVVER 's software allows organisations and private individuals to email , chat and share very large files in a secure environment . The software helps people become aware of the risks related to sensitive information and helps prevent data leaks . Founded in 2015 , ZIVVER provides its users with active support by giving targeted warnings and employing simple security measures . ZIVVER CEO Rick Goud explained : " Most data leaks are caused by human error . That 's why ZIVVER warns users even before they hit the send button . It 's a unique , but mostly a necessary solution in these times of cyber crime and stricter rules regarding data leaks . " The Dutch Personal Data Protection Act was tightened in 2016 , making it mandatory for organisations to report data leaks . In 2016 , organisations reported approximately six thousand leaks to the Dutch Data Protection Authority , which translates to roughly twenty leaks per day . A single data leak can involve the details of thousands of people . As almost 40% of all data leaks originate from healthcare organisations and the public sector , this includes medical and other sensitive data such as Citizen Service Numbers . More stringent privacy legislation will be introduced throughout the European Union starting in May 2018 , which will see fines for the failure to protect personal data increase to up to 4% of company revenue . Add to this the damage to the company 's reputation and repair costs , and the impact of a data leak becomes abundantly clear . Organisations , including many in the healthcare sector , currently use regular email servers , free chat services and online file transfer services on a massive scale . Although these might be easy to use , ZIVVER argues that they are not secure . Jan Andriessen , Associate Partner at henQ stated : " Data leaks are a substantial threat for organisations working with sensitive data . ZIVVER provides a secure alternative that is driven by user - friendliness . This focus , coupled with a growing awareness in healthcare and the public sector , means that this company could well grow out to become the prime supplier of secure communication . " The Amsterdam - based startup ZIVVER plans to use the investment to further optimise its Software - as - a - Service ( SAAS ) solution . The primary goal of the ZIVVER team is to expand their client base in hospital care , geriatric care , primary healthcare , mental healthcare and the social domains of Dutch municipalities . The company is also scoping out opportunities for further growth in Europe and is investigating new markets , such as the financial services industry . In just two years ' time , the startup has grown considerably thanks to earlier investments from angel investors in the healthcare sector . Their team now consists of over twenty professionals , and has managed to bring in dozens of clients , including GGZ Rivierduinen , St. Jans Gasthuis hospital and the Gooise Meren municipality . SP
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Though convenient , automotive transportation can be deadly . Over 35,000 people lost their lives in traffic accidents in 2015 ( the last full year available ) , and more than 30,000 fatalities occur annually . Prevention is is an area where businesses are active -- with some working to create autonomous vehicles that eliminate human error altogether , and other , perhaps more practical , startups , striving to assist business owners , teens and other drivers to curb their driving mistakes , some of them fatal . Certainly , autonomous cars are nice , in theory , but a number of logistical and legal hurdles are preventing them from becoming a practical reality . Nor is their widespread adoption likely any time soon . But , what if a new app and technology could prevent up to 86 percent of traffic accidents altogether ? Innovative Technology for Transportation ( ITFT ) is a North Carolina - based company , currently in its crowdfunding stage , which has designed a Safe Driving System , ( SDS ) whose up - and - coming app and technology is designed to prevent speeding and reckless driving . The U.S. Department of Transportation has calculated that 94 percent of all traffic accidents are attributable to human error , so the Safe Driving System is designed to reduce those errors through controls and notifications that limit driver behavior . Compatible with any car manufactured since 1996 , the Safe Driving System will be targeted primarily toward teenagers ( and their reasonably worried parents ) . When the SDS is installed , parents will receive alerts whenever their teens drive over a designated speed threshold and when they make it to their destinations safely ( or , less happily , when an accident has occurred ) . The technology , however , also applies to businesses : It will be available to employers to keep track of their company vehicles and employee - drivers . Plus , individuals can use the SDS to gain a better awareness of their personal driving habits and to block distracting apps on their mobile devices ( while they retain access to necessary phone and navigation functions ) . ITFT is further working on a " panic button , " designed for integration with ride - sharing services like Uber and Lyft . If pressed , the panic button will simultaneously alert local authorities and force the vehicle to come to a stop , while recording video and audio of the scene . Then , the door will automatically unlock , allowing the passenger to exit safely . The button will be available for both drivers and passengers . ITFT is n't the first company developing technology designed to help drivers and prevent traffic accidents , but it is one of the only solutions capable of issuing both speed and reckless driving alerts . Zubie , for example , was designed as a GPS tracker for teenage drivers , but ca n't alert parents when their teenagers are going over the speed limit . Instead , its technology is designed to send alerts when the car goes over a manually set speed . Hum , by Verizon , works similarly . Almost every solution now on the market will come with a monthly or yearly fee , usually in the neighborhood of $ 10 per month . SP The founder of ITFT , Matthew Godley , has said he was inspired to create the system after experiencing the deaths of community members in traffic accidents . Still relatively young , Godley , now 24 , has assembled a team of engineers , innovators and advisors to help make his vision a reality . Currently , ITFT is listed on Start Engine , a crowdfunding website designed to help entrepreneurs meet their fundraising goals with the help of the general public . Until the offering deadline of April 2 , 2017 , investors can purchase up to 100,000 series B non - voting common shares of the company at a price of $ 10 per share . SP Chances are , the SDS is just the beginning of a new wave of technology aimed to help control traffic accidents in this country . Some companies are targeting the improvement of vehicles , with higher safety standards , automated elements , and in some cases , full autonomy . However , the other side of the equation is the driver : Until autonomous cars become reality , controlling driver behavior is the best tool available for limiting traffic accidents . Anna Johansson is a freelance writer who specializes in social media and business development .
YuScale is a Berlin - based startup which offers a solution for diabetics , and for anyone else who is keen to keep track of their eating habits . Till recently the YuScale solution included an app and separate scales to carry around . The offering has already won clients and support among diabetics community , but the company 's new product might attract an even larger audience . YuScale is now offer offering a solution which is combining the scales into a phone case , which people carry anyhow . This could make the takeup much easier for consumers . Combining different additional features into phone case seems to be in fashion these days . Selfly phone case - drone just reached $ 1 million milestone on Kickstarter . YuScale also launched the product through Kickstarter , where it sells it for prices starting from EUR49 . The YuScale app analyses photos of food , and combines the information with the weight of the plate -- helping users to measure food intake , giving them a new and efficient way to control eating habits . Kim Kreutz , the CEO and co - founder of Yuscale explains : " Whether you 're a passionate foodie , who can not resist giving a shot for another delicious meal , forgetting the struggle with gaining control over weight or having issues with diabetes , just by taking your mobile anywhere with you , YuScale easily measures your exact food intake . " SP
Martin Casado . Northern Arizona University Martin Casado is a legend in his own corner of the tech world for inventing a technology that radically alters the way computer networks are built . He invented the tech while he was a PhD student at Stanford . He took that invention , and two of the professors advising him ( legends in their own right ) Nick McKeown from Stanford and Scott Shenker from University of California , Berkeley , and founded a startup back in 2012 . It was called Nicira and it was backed by VCs like Andreessen Horowitz ( " a16z " ) . " Nicira launched into the networking industry like a cannonball hitting placid water , " a16z founder Marc Andreessen wrote of Nicira and of Casado . That 's true . The company was quietly founded in 2007 , but did n't officially launch until early 2012 . Five months later , it sold to VMware for a stunning $ 1.26 billion . And the network industry has never been the same . After staying with VMware for a few years , Casado left in early 2016 to become a VC with a16z . But the interesting thing is , he does n't think of himself as a runaway success . He thinks of himself as someone who " got good at failure . " Or so he told the 2017 graduating class at his first alma mater , Northern Arizona University , where he spoke after receiving an honorary PhD on May 13 . " When I was standing where you are , I wanted to be the world 's best computational physicist , " Casado confessed to the crowd . " And soon after I wanted to be the world 's foremost cyber policy expert . But instead I went to grad school , and then I wanted to be the world 's best academic . And I certainly did n't accomplish that . " " I only found computer science because I could n't hack it as a physicist , and then I failed as a microbiology student . I made many , many missteps as the first time founder of a company , " he said . Casado 's speech was short , sweet , funny , and profound . VMware 's Martin Casado is considered the father of SDN VMware I heard it because I was in the audience that day , proudly watching my own daughter graduate with a degree in astrophysics ( notice how I slipped in that motherly brag ? ) . While I ' m insanely proud of my kid , I ' m also biting my nails over what her degree will lead to . She does n't want to go to grad school right now . And although she knows forms of math that I did n't even know existed , what kind of career will she have ? I do n't know . And neither does she . But Casado 's speech flipped my view on it . He offered four solid bits of advice to students , which is good advice for anyone , at any age : Since no one can predict the future , while on the path to a goal , a better goal " is likely to smack you while you 're looking the other way , and you 'd be an idiot not to follow it , " he said . His advice is to " take some fraction of that effort and work on being open to change , and to opportunity , " while working toward your goals . If he had n't been open to change in his career , he never would have invented an industry - changing technology . He suggests that it is really " failure , " not " progress " that indicates whether you are living up to your potential . If you are failing , you are truly pushing yourself , and " not stalling your own progress by hiding . " The true skill , then , is " to learn to embrace failure . Not only embrace failure , get good at it , and by that I mean get back up , apply what you ' ve learned , and hit reset . " Every person is unique , and that means what 's right for others is n't always right for you . When it comes to advice , listen to the parts that ring true for you , and disregard the rest . " You 're going to take one path out of an infinite number of possibilities , " Casado said . " And you 're going to navigate it your way . " So , if there is a secret to life , happiness , and success , it 's this : " The opportunity is hidden in the sloppiness . If you hold too hard to specific ideas of where you want to go , or what the landscape will look like , or what the world will provide you , I can guarantee you 'll be disappointed . " CASADO : " Graduates , I am deeply honored to have a few minutes with you . So let me first thank you for the opportunity and your attention . Right now . This moment . Is one of the most significant inflection points in your life . And perhaps not in the way you 'd expect . So if you 'll indulge me , I 'd like to explain why . Getting to this point . This space we 're all sharing right now , has taken a tremendous amount of work and dedication . No doubt . And for that , I applaud you , and you have my deepest respect . However , a university education , no matter how windy , is a path with a clear goal . It was challenging , sure . Yet generally the objective was pretty obvious : Work hard and get the hell out . All of that is about to change . Almost two decades ago I was standing where you are now . I was nervous . I was excited . And I was largely over it . And so I took that proverbial step . And very quickly , I realized that where I landed was very , very different from where I left . It was as if I stepped off of a narrow path and into a city . And unlike my university experience , there was no clear goal . There was n't a defined string of classes or tests I had to pass . There was no notion of a start or finish . Instead there was a vast , vast collection of opportunities and perils . Infinite routes , to infinite locations , and none of which I really understood . You could chose to stop or move at any time with equal chance of benefit or loss . And I found that none of my experiences really prepared me to navigate such a wide open space . There were no platitudes , no cliches , no quippy one liners that provided clear and useful guidance . It was n't just about working hard and setting goals . It was n't just about perseverance or having a positive attitude . I knew how to do all those things . This new space required something far different . So with that backdrop I 'd like to offer you some advice . Lessons that no one would be able to put on a motivational poster and keep their job . Lessons to keep in mind as you take this next step into the chaos . First : You 're unlikely to achieve your goals . Really , it 's very unlikely . When I was standing where you are , I wanted to be the world 's best computational physicist . And soon after I wanted to be the world 's foremost cyber policy expert . But instead I went to grad school and then I wanted to be the world 's best academic . And I certainly did n't accomplish that . You 're unlikely to achieve your goals . The reason is that you probably do n't realize how many amazing opportunities are out there , and how much you 'll enjoy them . You are unlikely to achieve your goals , because a better one is likely to smack you while you 're looking the other way , and you 'd be an idiot not to follow it . So my guidance to you is as much as you work towards your goals , take some fraction of that effort and work on being open to change , and to opportunity . Second : You are going to fail . A lot . It 's inevitable . I only found computer science because I could n't hack it as a physicist , and then I failed as a microbiology student . I made many , many missteps as the first time founder of a company . You are going to fail because you 're going to be navigating a shifting landscape with a lot of things not under your control . You 're going to fail because the goals are going to change or be unclear . You 're going to fail because you 'll start something , and realize it 's not what you want to do . And here 's the key : Failing will be your only true measure of progress . It 's inevitable . The system you 're about to walk into is simply too dynamic and too poorly defined for you not to . And so my guidance to you is to learn to embrace failure . Not only embrace failure , get good at it , and by that I mean get back up , apply what you ' ve learned , and hit reset . Third : No one really knows what contributes to success . Not me , not some business guru , or some pundit on the news . No one . And that 's particularly true for your success . Yours . Here 's the reality : Every one of you is a beautiful collection of amazing qualities and strengths . Unique in all the universe you . And you 're going to take one path out of an infinite number of possibilities . And you 're going to navigate it your way . So right here , I grant you permission to summarily ignore the nonsense of others . Take advice as input , sure . But check it against your absolutely unique perspective and qualities to bring to a problem . You do you , Boo . For what it 's worth , of all the advice I ' ve given you , this last request will probably be the most difficult . I know you can work hard . I know you 're all smart , and capable , and resourceful . But I do n't know how well you know yourself . I certainly did n't when I graduated . And it took a lot of inquiry , and a lot of failure , and a lot of false starts to begin to figure it out . In the words of Dr. Seuss , that he actually did n't write and I totally made up , " You ca n't do you , Boo , if you do n't know you " OK , let me take a step back . Here 's where all of this is leading . The universe is a messy place . And the real trick going forward is to acknowledge that , and to embrace it . The opportunity is hidden in the sloppiness . If you hold too hard to specific ideas of where you want to go , or what the landscape will look like , or what the world will provide you , I can guarantee you 'll be disappointed . And it 's exactly because the beauty is in the chaos . What have I asked of you ? One , focus on being open to change because although you 're all beautiful and bright and creative individuals , the opportunities are for more wondrous than you can possible conceive . Two , fail . It 's the only way you know that you 're riding the chaos and are not stalling your own progress by hiding . Three , no one knows what 's best for you . Because really , it 's unknowable . So ignore the pundits and do it your way . And to do that , know yourself . Because really , this journey is for you . And your priorities . And for those you care about . With that , I 'll leave you with a quote . And this one I did n't make up . It 's from the Ashtavakra Gita : ' Let the waves of the universe rise and fall as they will . You have nothing to gain or lose . You are the ocean . ' Thank you very much , and again many congratulations . "
Tosin Awofeso felt like he did n't have a lot of options . With a baby on the way , stringing together freelance gigs as a piano player and photographer was n't going to cut it . One morning , Awofeso showed up for an interview for a customer service position at OwnLocal , a search engine optimization company in Austin , Texas . Awofeso really wanted that job , because simply put , he needed it to feed his family . Unfortunately , they turned him away and said that he should " concentrate on what he 's really passionate about . " " I was like , ' I ' m really passionate about feeding my unborn child , ' " Awofeso told me last month . " I just wanted to take care of my family . " Without another promising lead on full - time work , Awofeso was back doing gigs at night and figuring out how to support his family . To add to the worry , he and his partner Sophia had to move several times and had to live out of a hotel . Their car barely worked and they did n't have the money to fix it whenever it decided to die on them . Sophia was unable to work due to her back problems and a challenging pregnancy . SP Prior to interviewing at OwlLocal , Awofeso had started taking free online coding classes , thinking the skill might lead him to a good , steady paycheck and health benefits . He had n't made much progress , though . He thought attending a coding school would be a better path to learning coding . The problem was , those schools were expensive and he did n't have the money to enroll . Then he got a stroke of luck . SP A friend who knew he was in a bind offered to give him the money for a deposit on a coding school program . Awofeso credits as one of the big breaks that helped him sort out his life , " I was like , ' Hell yeah ! ' " Awofeso told me . Awofeso had a friend who was an instructor at Galvanize 's Austin campus . What 's more , Awofeso looked at the school 's placement rates and the kind of jobs Galvanize grads were landing and felt it would be a good fit for him . Awofeso hesitated at first and realized money was n't the only obstacle , there was also his time . He 'd have to put the rest of his life on hold for six months -- no work , no music performances . What 's more , Sophia 's due date was only a few months away . " I almost did n't do it , " Awofeso said . He and Sophia talked it through and decided that although it would be tough , if they could just get through those six months of school , things might finally be easier . " Once I started , I went with the mindset that I needed to succeed -- all my eggs were in this basket , " Awofeso said . If beginning school was n't hard enough , Awofeso and Sophia continued to struggle to find a stable place to live . They had to move out of the hotel and stayed with a friend who had an extra room they rented as an Airbnb . Awofeso and Sophia lived there when the room was vacant , but every time someone rented it they had to move out for a few days and stay somewhere else . Nevertheless , Awofeso studied coding and did everything he could to care for his pregnant partner at the same time . Awofeso was used to these type of challenges in life but it did n't get him down . SP " I ' ve been black for a long time , " he said . " I ' m not mad at anybody , but I ' ve had to work twice as hard to get half as far in a lot of places . " A few weeks in , Awofeso began to gain his stride with coding . " I love coding , " he said . " It 's so much fun ; I love solving problems other people give up on . " He credits three things having made all the difference for him at Galvanize : an incredible teacher , a great curriculum , and a killer group of people in his cohort . " It was fantastic , " Awofeso said . " I learned quickly and was perfectly challenged the whole time . " Toward the end of his six months , Awofeso was sitting in a workshop about how to negotiate a competitive salary . His phone rang . It was someone with an Austin startup called Common Edit , a music company he 'd hoped to work for someday . " Literally , I get up out of the room and get an offer during the talk about how to negotiate the salary you 're worth , " Awofeso said . " So I had the confidence to be like , ' No , I need to get paid this much . ' " He was able to start with a short - term contract for the pay he negoitated . Eventually , Common Edit liked what he was producing and agreed to hire him full - time at the same rate and would be working on their " suite of tech products that will help musicians collaborate with each other and make music . " I checked in with Awofeso and he 'd already had a couple paychecks land in his bank account and things were looking up . Awofeso had just bought a new Kia , and he and Sophia and their new little baby were going apartment hunting . " There 's an end in sight , " he said . Read more inspirational stories at Tech . Co This article is courtesy of the Galvanize blog . Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Interested in entrepreneurship , web development , or data science ? Check out the Galvanize Newsletter , bringing you the best content from The Learning Community for Technology .
startup pitches . Company : Recreate Memory . Headquarters : Provo , Utah . Founding Team : Art and artist enthusiast , Jared Workman . Why we like it : With snapchat as a popular hit for smartphone users , selfie sticks a common travel item and front facing cameras frequently used on mobile devices , it is clear we live in a photo - loving society . No , we 're not talking about anything narcissistic . We 're talking about maintaining physical memories -images we can refer to later down the track when the time that we rode our bike for the first day begins to blur . SP But two decades ago , snapchat did n't exist , selfie sticks were n't popular and many people did n't think of using their phone to take a selfie . So then what ? Recreate memories is an online service offering you the chance to make up for any memory blurring around the edge . You can recreate a memory that you ' ve always held dear to you , but at that particular moment your thoughts were n't on taking a photo . Honestly , this is easier than it sounds . All you have to do is know the memory you want to create and put a rough time period on it . Select photos from this time period in your life containing the people you wish to include in this memory and along with an explanation of your memory , submit them to Recreate memories . The artists with Recreate will create a draft image of this moment and send it back for your approval . When you 're happy , they 'll whisk up the final result and you will have the image in your hands . So unless you 're a superb artist yourself , it would only be for recreate memories that you could have a copy of this physical image . It can be difficult thinking up the perfect gift for a loved one . At the end of the day they 're most likely content with your company . However , with Recreate you can give then a physical memory of a significant or happy moment you have both share in the past . Technically your gifting them your company in physical form . Not only can they relive this moment but they also receive a valuable gift . Yes , this is starting to sound pretty cheesy , but at the end of the day who does n't like a bit of cheese every now and then . SP
Regardless of your organization 's size , industry , or type , there 's one key performance indicator that -- when measured and leveraged properly -- can have a profound impact on the vitality of your business . This indicator is n't new , and the logic behind it has been around for decades . In fact , there 's a good chance you 're already using it . I ' m talking about Net Promoter Score ( NPS ) , a tool used to gauge customer loyalty . While simplistic in its format , NPS can deliver powerful insights for virtually any business -- from startups to Fortune 500 companies . For most organizations , though , the common practice is to send out the NPS survey a couple times per year ( or shortly after a new sale has been made ) . But by experimenting with the frequency and timing of NPS surveys -- and thinking strategically about where the resulting feedback goes -- business leaders can use this score to uncover a goldmine of intel they can leverage to dramatically improve the customer experience , which directly correlates with the bottom line . An NPS survey asks one simple question : on a scale of 0 to 10 , how likely is it that you would recommend us to a friend ? The respondent 's answer then indicates whether he or she is a promoter , detractor , or passive . Promoters are your brand 's loyal enthusiasts . They 're the ones who keep purchasing your product and urge others to do the same . Passives are satisfied , but wo n't necessarily stick around if something they perceive to be better comes along . Detractors are the unhappy or dissatisfied customers who may spread their dissatisfaction to their circles of influence , thus detracting from your business . That initial feedback certainly provides a good jumping - off point , but at my company , we knew we could do more with it . So last year , we implemented a new strategy around our NPS , and from that point forward , it became a high - priority , company - wide metric for us in terms of customer service delivery . Previously , we sent out NPS surveys to customers every six months . Eventually , we realized that we needed a more consistent stream of product feedback . So , we divided our customers into cohorts and began emailing surveys to a different group of people each week . This means that , while each individual still completes only two surveys per year , we 're now able to collect feedback from across our customer base every single week . As a result , we ' ve been able to better track success and diagnose issues more rapidly -- rather than learning about those issues six months down the road . We 're also able to correlate these scores with industry trends , downtimes , and product issues that may be occurring . Of course , data is only as valuable as the action it drives . On that note , once we receive our NPS results , we immediately act on them . Comments are divided into four categories : red , yellow , green , and gold . Gold commenters are our promoters , green are passives , and red and yellow are detractors . If a red or yellow comment comes in , a task is automatically created in our CRM , and our success team is notified to reach out to that customer to try and remedy whatever problem he or she is experiencing . Red and yellow comments are also passed along to our product team members , who then reach out to gain more information or to let the customer know that his or her suggestion is being added to the roadmap . This ensures that customers know they 're being heard . Green and gold comments go to our customer loyalty manager , who works to enroll those customers in our loyalty program . We also keep all of our executive team members in the loop about our NPS scores by sending a weekly email with that week 's score as well as comparisons to the previous week and the same week last year . Executives also see customer comments , which means our customers are having a greater impact on decisions at the highest levels of the company . The value of this feedback extends well beyond improving our support and products ; it 's critical information for every department to have and act upon . With this methodology in place , NPS is no longer just a number for us -- it 's a powerful tool we can harness to build better relationships . And that , in turn , has allowed us to better serve our customer base . In fact , our score drastically improved within just six months . Before you send out your next NPS , consider what valuable feedback you may be leaving on the table . Are there opportunities to better collect -- and leverage -- this data ? If so , it could have a huge -- and positive -- impact on your business growth and bottom line .
Raisin , Europe 's # 1 financial marketplace that enables savers to access the best deposit rates across Europe , has closed a EUR30 million Series C financing . This brings the total amount raised to date to EUR60 million making Raisin one of the best funded FinTech companies in continental Europe . The round was led by US - based Thrive Capital , which has already invested in a number of successful startups such as Spotify , Slack , and Oscar , with participation of Raisin 's existing investors Palo - Alto - based Ribbit Capital and Index Ventures . The round comes after a record year 2016 where Raisin tripled the funds invested via the marketplace to over EUR2 billion , more than doubled the number of partner banks to 27 and broadened its reach from Germany and Austria to 31 countries across Europe - the launch of the Spanish platform in December being the most recent launch . Neil Rimer , partner at Index Ventures , stated : " Europe is a continent of savers who tend to put 70 - 80% of their liquid assets into accounts earning almost zero interest and despite this , they hardly ever switch banks . The two billion Euros that European savers have deposited with Raisin proves that offering higher interest rates and making it easy and painless for people to move their deposits between banks is an attractive proposition . " The funds will be used to reach new customer groups , to continue the company 's international expansion into further localized markets - Italy to come soon - and to broaden its Raisin 's offering towards additional simple investment products . Tamaz Georgadze , the co - founder and CEO of Raisin said : " Our goal is to continuously strengthen Raisin 's innovative proposition and to become the go - to - marketplace for all Europeans for their savings and investment needs . " The Berlin - based FinTech startup Raisin was founded in 2012 and under the brands WeltSparen and Raisin , the young company has offered an online marketplace for deposit products of partner banks in the European Economic Area since 2013 .
After failing to secure another round of funding and shutting down my startup , Katch , I ' ve been thinking about candor . While failure is n't a unique story in our industry , talking about it is . Of course , I do n't advocate dwelling on one 's failures as a key to success , but paradoxically I found the quickest path to moving forward from my startup 's demise was to talk openly about it . As founders , we 're often asked to perform -- to sell our vision to investors , the press , conference panels and employees . The role the startup founder is asked to inhabit is limited , often closer to an action figure than to reality . We portray a childlike image of power instead of the dynamic and sometimes flawed human beings we actually are . Unfortunately , when we deny aspects of our humanity , we run the risk of compounding the stress , anxiety and burnout we often feel under a mask of bravado . I ' ve lived under that mask , and am happy to be free from it . After closing Katch , I was introduced to Reboot , a firm that coaches founders to be more authentic leaders . Reboot and groups like it have spawned a growing community of founders who are having honest conversations about leading venture - backed startups . Open dialogue and community have made two things clear to me . First , all startups , including well - funded and outwardly successful startups , are emotionally challenging for their teams . The stakes are high , the risk and uncertainty is palpable and all of this creates intense pressure throughout the company . Second , being open and honest about our experiences as founders and team members leads to a healthier and more fulfilling life than the one prescribed by always sucking it up and grinding it out . What does openness look like ? I think these two posts by Matt Munson , CEO of Twenty20 , are great examples : How I Burned 10 Million Dollars So You Do n't Have To and The Secret Suffering of Today 's Leaders . They 're brave and candid because they share real numbers , emotions and details that are rarely discussed . Pressure to perform starts early in an entrepreneur 's journey , often from the moment we decide to fundraise . James Routledge does an incredible job of capturing the hall of mirrors founders enter in How " killing it " is killing Startups . " The danger is that the startup landscape is telling founders ( and people working in startups ) that they must live to impress others . It implies that they must perform every single day and that they must put on a show to win the affection of others who will define their success , " wrote Routledge . " I moulded myself on what VCs and advisors said , not on who I actually was or what I actually wanted to do . " The pressure of raising money is so daunting that it 's easy to fool ourselves into believing that closing a round will solve all our problems . It wo n't . Afraid to displease our investors , we hold ourselves captive to the promises we made at an earlier time in our company 's history . Casey Neistat , co - founder of Beme , jumps off cliffs and hangs from helicopters on an average day , but acknowledges that none of his daring feats scared him as much as launching his startup . He talks earnestly about the self - inflicted terror he felt running Beme before selling it to CNN . SP " All of that in aggregate just yielded terror that I might fail and let down all these people that believed in me , " he states . Raising money and running a funded business is so risky and so difficult at times that it would be nice to have someone to pin the blame on . Investors make easy targets , but simply blaming VCs would n't be honest or true to my experience . In my case , and in the case of some of the founders noted here , I placed far more pressure on myself than my investors did . If , as founders , we 're going to avoid the stereotypical roles of action figures versus super villains , we need to encourage investors who are willing to be more candid , as well . VC Bryce Roberts may be leading the way , with Every Business is a Lifestyle Business . In what by now should sound like a familiar refrain , he paints a picture of founder - induced pressure , but he also acknowledges that investors play a tacit role in this ( emphasis mine ) : " With that funding came expectations placed on themselves by themselves and by the promises they 'd made to their investors . And those promises added pressure . Pressure to move fast and break things . Pressure to grow the team to meet the next fundable milestones while the bank account shrinks and the milestones move . Pressure to go big or go home . No investor asked this of the founder . But every investor asks this of the founders we fund . " It 's not enough for us as leaders to simply play to the press , valorizing the grind , the rehearsed bravado , or what Gina Trapani calls the " pathological overconfidence " in her post We 're All Frauds . If our roles leave us disconnected from ourselves and our vision , and sacrificed on the altar of growth , is it worth it ? SP Related Articles A Case Study Of Startup Failure 3 Lessons That Startups Can Learn From Facebook 's Failed Credits Experiment What To Do With Failed Startup IP ? SP It 's time to write new roles for ourselves . It may seem counter - intuitive because it requires us to be vulnerable when it feels more natural to be armored . Routledge writes , " Thankfully , the solution is pretty simple and we all have access to it . It 's called authenticity . That means being open , honest and genuine with yourself and those around you . It means being vulnerable from time to time and admitting when things are n't going well . It means being less someone else and being more you . " The thread that winds through Matt , Gina , Bryce , Casey and James ' posts is candor about their experiences . Imagine a future where founders are celebrated for our humanity with all of our flaws and brilliance . Imagine being vulnerable enough to be able to discuss our concerns in such a way that our teams are included and empowered to help solve them . Our companies could become living organisms , smarter and more capable than the sum of their individual parts . We could acknowledge not just our shortcomings , but our organization 's collective wisdom . This is one way , perhaps the sanest and healthiest way , for startups and their founders to thrive . But it has to start with examples set by authentic leaders like the ones I ' ve included here . It has to include readers like you who are brave enough to be honest about the highs and the lows of running your businesses to inspire more of us to share . I encourage you to try , and I look forward to reading your posts .
Fundraising is a complicated , and at times , confusing process . To fundraise effectively , you need to have a strategy , understand different types of investors , know how much to raise , and create an investor pipeline . And while all of this is integral to an effective funding round , asking the right questions can go a long way in setting yourself up for success . Below , we discuss the typical questions you will hear from investors and discuss how you might go about answering them : Investors are looking for a simple and clear answer of who you are selling to . They 're also looking to understand how clearly you know the pain point , and how big of a problem it is for the customers . This question also opens up a conversation about founder - market - fit , as well as helps investors think about the size of the opportunity . Investors want to understand how you are proposing to solve the problem , but more importantly , they 're looking to see if you have unique insight . Has anyone else thought about this before ? How is it different from other solutions ? Do you have a secret ? Seriously , investors want to know this because the more differentiated you are , the more defensible the business might become in the future . Investors naturally want to see the demo of your product , because a demo is worth 1,000 words . A lot of investors want to fund product - obsessed founders - founders who get lost in details of the product , who are super thoughtful and nerdy about features they built , and really understand customer needs . Always show your product to investors and make the demo awesome . What numbers do you use to drive the business ? Lack of clarity or hesitation is a major red flag for investors . If you are n't clear about your metrics , investors wo n't believe that you can grow the business . Investors want to make sure you understand and measure your conversion and sales funnels , activation , retention , magic moment , churn , CAC , LTV , etc . The question of traction is really two - fold . First , investors are literally asking what is your traction . Second , and more important , how do you define traction ? Many founders mistake progress or effort for traction . On the other hand , investors think of traction as revenue and paying customers or significant growth in weekly and monthly active users . How big is your market is a question that matters to a lot of investors . Why ? Because VCs economics force them to only focus on very large markets . VCs look for big markets with lots of money so that , when they own 20 percent of your business , they get a meaningful amount to return all or a portion of their fund when you exit . Otherwise , they do n't make money . In the early days , founders are expected to know the terms and have an idea of what the numbers are . The cost of user acquisition conversation leads to the conversation about channels , marketing and advertising spend . If you are B2B company with direct sales , you will talk about cost of sales and how it will change at scale . Life - time value of the customer is equally important . How long does it take to pay back the amount it cost to acquire this customer ? How much money will you make on the average customer ? Naturally , investors want to understand how you make money . They want to know who your customers are and how are you planning to charge them . This question combines not just pricing , but strategy and tactics as well . If you make money indirectly , via advertising , they would then focus on how your acquire customers . This is probably a less common question in the early stage , but it is an important one . Investors are looking for you to demonstrate that you ' ve done customer research and competitor research . They are also looking for you to acknowledge that you are early and the pricing is likely to change . Unit economics give an inductive case for your business . For example , for Uber , a unit would be either one ride or one driver , depending on how you model it . The key thing in unit economics analysis is to capture all associated costs and revenues and then see if you are actually making money . Some startups have poor unit economics initially and say they will optimize costs later . The go - to market strategy question is a really important one and is often misunderstood . Investors ask this typically when founders say that their product works for everyone . Investors are skeptical , as experience says that focusing on a vertical or a segment is typically better . For example , if you are building developer tools , you could initially focus on freelancers and individual developers . Then once the product is solid , you can move upstream to mid and large enterprises . Tesla had the opposite strategy . It first made a high end car and has been moving downstream . How are you planning to acquire customers ? In the consumer world , you have paid and unpaid means . You can advertise or you can use content marketing , social channels and word of mouth . Investors want to understand how deeply you understand your channels . This is a question that often goes unasked , but is certainly on the investors mind . Timing is everything , and really understanding why now is the time for your company to win is important . The VC industry is full of examples when something was too early or too late , and as a result , it did n't work or did n't get as big . Investors do n't want to fund accidental founders . They want to fund people with deep domain expertise , massive vision , and passion . Investors want to get to the bottom of why you started the business - do you have unique insight and unfair advantage ? In addition to understanding if you know the space , investors want to understand if you are resilient and smart . The question about where you grew up is really a question about how hard you have had to fight through your life to get to where you are . SP There are no hard and fast rules of course , but the environment you grow up in often defines your level of resilience . When things get difficult , and they always do , will you walk away ? When you get knocked down , will you get back up ? This is another interesting question that does n't have a clear cut right answer , but is telling to investors . If you say you met at a hackathon 3 months ago , what you 're saying is that you do n't really know each other well . Investors may think that the connection between you and your co - founders is n't solid . If you are saying that you ' ve been friends since high school , investors know that you trust each other . It 's always important to think about competition . Investors are looking to understand how knowledgable you are about competitors and what is different about you . If you say you do n't have competition or if you bad mouth them , it 's a red flag . Simply acknowledge competitors , and highlight what they are doing well . Explain how you are different and why . Some founders stumble on this question and this is a red flag for investors , particularly for VCs who want to back founders with big vision . What do you want your company to be in 10 years ? This question reveals not only how you think about the business long term , but whether you plan for it to exist a decade or more . If your plan is to sell quick , you wo n't have a broad long term vision . This topic is complex and founders often approach it with a naivete . A typical answer might be expressed in terms of specific product milestones and scaling of the team . This is not what investors are looking for . They want to understand tangible business milestones you will reach with the capital you are given . This is a pretty straightforward question that follows from your financial model . A few things to pay attention too : first , your HR costs should roughly be 70K-100 K per head . Second , investors will look for clarity around advertising spend -- in the early days , before strong product market fit you should not me spending a lot of money to acquire customers . And lastly , investors will look for any outliers , anything that jumps out as out of ordinary or unusual . As a startup , you need to make a growth assumption . The trick is that you do n't have a ton of historical data to back it up . Whatever data you do have , include it in the model and explain it , because it helps establish credibility . Historically , many of the best startups have reinvested their revenues into the business and sacrificed profitability in favor of growth . Since the financing market has become tighter , profitability is fashionable again . Becoming profitable is important for many reasons , but the main one is that it allows you to become self sufficient and control your destiny . When you are profitable , you are no longer in need of external capital in order to survive . VCs want to know what happens to your business over time . Assuming you can get a lift off , investors want to know what happens year 5 , year 10 , etc . Why ? Because this is a typical horizon over which more successful startups go public or get acquired for a significant return . Long - term defensibility is difficult to predict . That 's why many investors look for natural monopolies , winner take all markets and businesses with network effects . If you are startup that is creating a new technology , investors want to know about your IP . Are there things here that can be patented ? What is the true innovation in your business ? While software patents haven't been effective in recent years , depending on the type of your business and depending on what kind of investors you are talking to , IP can be an important topic . This question will be particularly relevant for startups that are working in AI , VR , dev tools and other areas that require deep tech . Some investors , particularly technical ones , will want to nerd out with you on your stack . This is one of the hardest questions investors will ask you - why might you fail ? This question is a probe for how you think about risks in your business , whether or not you acknowledge risks and if you 're self - aware and intellectually honest . Great founders bring up and face risks head on . They do n't try to shove them under the rug and ignore them . Investors are n't likely to ask you this question , but they will certainly think about it . Investors are putting money into your business to make more money , and historically , since the IPO market is tight , most successful companies are acquired . Although you have no plan to sell your company , it 's good to think about who might bite in the future and why . This is a simple question - just tell investors exactly how much you raised , whether you did it on the note or via equity . Do n't stumble or hesitate , because that would be a red flag . This is another straightforward question . Let them know who your existing investors are without hesitating to create confidence in you and your potential investors . You should be clear on how much you are raising based on the financial model . Depending on where you are in the fundraising process , you may not have the terms set yet . If you do n't have the terms set , then just say so - investors will completely understand . This post originally appeared on Thoughts on Tech Startups and Venture Capital . This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
They 're our biggest trade customer and have a market economy worth more than AU$10 trillion , but China is no longer just interested in our trade . They 're interested in our startups . Both the Australian and Chinese governments have actively committed to facilitating further involvement in Australian startups from China . And with our general relationship with China already worth more than AU$160 billion annually , and growing , there has never been a better time for Australian startups to connect with Chinese investors and advisors . But the question many companies will be asking themselves is how they can get their foot in the door of this lucrative market . Target areas that have a particular impact in China When it comes to technology , China is already very good at servicing consumers . Companies like Alibaba and Tencent have the B2C space covered . But for business solutions , surprisingly , China is lagging far behind . Any business will have a high impact in China if it can address the gap in China 's technology market . B2B servicing in particular is one area where China is looking for new solutions and potential investments . Australian companies that can offer cross border payments and wealth management , cyber and blockchain , consumer payment and online asset management will have an advantage over their immediate Chinese competitors . Have the potential to grow overseas Already Australia has close political and geographical ties with China , which gives us an automatic advantage over our competitors in the US and UK . But for any company looking for opportunities expanding into China , it is essential to understand the geography of China 's different growth industries . For example , Shenzhen is famous for Tencent and Huawei , so areas such as fintech , telecom and the IT industries are developing very well . Shanghai is the key financial hub in China , a city of investment banking , securities and managed funds . But if you 're looking at potential for animation , advanced manufacturing or medical research and development , then Chengdu is the place to be . It is just as important to decide where your best prospects are in China as to decide that you want to expand to China in the first place . Be able to work under joint venture structures Being able to network with any VC is just as important as selling your messaging to them . Gone are the days where investors are happy to hand over their capital and take a step back from the business . Instead , you are now well placed to take advantage of both their business and networking expertise . With current capital control in China , institutional investors and listed companies are being cautious about their overseas investments . Areas such as direct securities , sports clubs and property investment will be harder to gain investor approval . However , investment in technology or other products and services with the potential to grow in China is still highly encouraged . This includes , but is not limited to , health products , health and aged care , education and the financial services . The important thing to remember when working with any Chinese VC is the differences when it comes to business culture between our two countries . It 's no longer true that Chinese business transactions are negotiated over the dining table , but this is still a very important part of the Chinese process . What will have more of an impact on Australian entrepreneurs is the long working hours . Chinese business professionals are known for frequently working long hours and even weekends , so you may need to prepare yourself for some late night phone calls . Likewise , Chinese professionals expect a quick turn - around when it comes to communication . It is common in the negotiation process for both parties to go back to their teams and come back with a revised plan within 2 or 3 weeks . But if the discussion is serious , your Chinese correspondents may expect a response within a day or two . That 's why apps such as WeChat are so popular in China ; they allow for constant back - and - forth communication as opposed to emails , and are also very accessible outside of traditional working hours . Prove that you can disrupt your field There is a myth in Australia that Chinese investors are only interested in property investment . Likewise , in China , there is a misconception that because of our existing trade deals , Australia is all about iron ore , dairy and resources . It is up to you and your business to help disrupt these myths by providing in - demand technology and startup solutions that will be attractive to Chinese investors . Of course , disruptors in different industries will naturally have different characteristics . But what is important to investors is to see cost saving measures , and particularly , improved efficiency across the board . Blockchain is a good example of this ; it has already saved millions of dollars for asset transactions in what is a more efficient and accurate method . Understand legal and compliance frameworks to protect IP When it comes to an understanding of legal , political , social or cultural issues around your business , protecting the IP and capital of yourself and any existing investors will be seen in good light . Chinese VC 's treat overseas investment cautiously and they will investigate your company at length before going into business with you . This can be anywhere from your personal connection , to the business and the quality of your team as a whole , to the more standard features like potential for global scaling and your growth trajectory . By making sure you have all your bases covered you prove to not only be a considered investment for any VC , but will be particularly attractive to the Chinese market . The capital market in China is actively looking for advanced tech . So if any Australian business can demonstrate that they are the best in their field , they will likely see sizeable interest and potential investment from China .
AgriTech platform , GreenFingers Mobile ( GFM ) has announced equity seed investment from The Hivos Food & Lifestyle Fund , to the tune of EUR70 000 ( + R960 000 ) . The startup was established in 2015 as a partnership between SA business accelerator Impact Amplifier and mobile - first technology company , Mobenzi . It uses a Software - as - a - Service Android app to provide management and finance to over 5000 smallholder farmers across three African countries . " The GreenFingers solution is an important tool in enabling ethical supply chains , through the management of large , real - time data sets . We hope that GreenFingers can make it easier for large food companies to work with smallholder farmers , playing a significant role in poverty alleviation and reducing their impact on the environment , " writes the senior investment manager for The Hivos Food & Lifestyle Fund , Keith Wallace , in a press release to Ventureburn . " With seven billion people on the planet , and smallholder agriculture representing 70% of production in developing countries , efficient systems to manage food supply chains are imperative , " says CEO of GFM , Max Pichulik . " We believe that technology will play an increasing role in connecting farmers to markets efficiently , and meeting an increasing global demand for food . " " Our software solution replaces archaic paper - based management systems with real - time mobile solutions , bringing transparency to the supply chain , and enabling the efficient management and financing of smallholder / emerging farmers . " Pichulik says the investment will be used to further grow the company in other countries . " Building development and support capability to expand the product , the product 's features , and reach out to the rest of the continent , " he says regarding plans for the investment . Along with the funding announcement , the company 's software is now out of its beta stage as well . " The software went from Alpha to Beta over those two years , which were two growing seasons . Its length was due to both technical and operational issues related to ensuring we had a solution which would work in the field , " writes Pichulik in an exchange with Ventureburn . Over the past two years , Pichulik says the software has been tested in a range of areas , which also included overcoming a few hurdles . Some of these included " deploying smartphones and software into very rural locations where not only has no - one ever used such a device , and they ( and their management ) were running on paper - based systems " . The solution also only runs between six to nine months depending on the country , region , and crop , which is called the ' growing season ' . " This lengthened the beta testing phase , as its difficult to deploy features during a growing season , " Pichulik explained . Pichulik mention that troubleshooting was difficult as the team needed to narrow down software , network , device , or cloud hosting issues .
1 in 5 adults in the United States suffering from hearing loss . The World Health Organization puts the global number of those with disabling hearing loss at about 360 million people . Given the size of this health concern , its no wonder startups are popping up to address hearing loss in a variety of ways . Here 's a rundown on a few of the most prominent startups in the hearing impairment space . Since opening its doors in 2012 , this New York startup has saved consumers over $ 40 million with its direct - to - consumer selling model : They offer " sleek hearing aid models and collaborations with iconic influencers . " And since they 're selling to people directly , they need to be able to help their customers identify their exact level of hearing loss . Audicus 's new hearing assessment tech will allow users to check up on their hearing online , for free . It 's a great first stop for anyone concerned about their hearing . If you 're hearing impaired , you know what it 's like to attend an event -- college lecture , graduation ceremony , or church service -- and not have a clue what anyone 's saying . This Korean startup offers a voice - operated typing and transmission service that can be used to provide real - time captioning for a hearing impaired person . Sovoro will support 80 languages , thanks to its reliance on Google 's engine to take its notes . These two biotech startups have the same goal : Developing drugs to remedy hearing loss . David Lucchino , CEO of Frequency Therapeutics , gave some insight on the problem in an article for MedCity News : " It 's noise pollution . There was a great study about people who were born and spent their lives on Easter Island and people who left . The people who stayed had great hearing well into their 60s . The people exposed to noise pollution had the same kinds of hearing loss we see every day . " Frequency hopes to stimulate the correct cells in order to jumpstart healthy tissues that can help people hear . Decibel is looking at even more ways to return the inner ear to its former self -- and with their $ 52 million Series A a few years back , they should have plenty of runway . Ava pioneers a new level of accessibility for the deaf or hearing impaired . When at a family dinner or small gathering , the app can be downloaded by everyone and the voice - recognition software will translate the conversation into a series of text - message like notes , keeping any hearing impaired group member in the loop and able to respond in real time .
The sharing economy has come a long way over the last few years : a report on the sector in NSW released by Deloitte has found that revenues in the sector grew from an estimated $ 1.6 billion in 2014 - 15 to $ 2.6 billion in 2015 - 16 . The number of people earning income from these platforms has also doubled from 45,000 to 92,400 as acceptance of and trust in the sharing economy grows . Looking to take advantage of this growth is DishMe , a peer - to - peer home cooking startup founded by Pushpinder Bagga , Simran Gambhir , Richard Fleming , and Eric So . The idea for DishMe came over a year ago when Bagga found himself struggling with his health due to what his doctor described as " a lethal combination of poor diet and long work hours " . " Unable to cook , on top of my demanding work schedule , I regularly gave in to takeout food and packaged meals from supermarket shelves . Keeping the cautions of my doctor in mind if I continued with this bad habit , I had an idea of posting an ad to my community bulletin board for healthy homemade meals throughout the week , " Bagga explained . " I received four offers from local chefs who I exchanged texts with to collect food . Getting bored of eating the limiting food they were offering , I began requesting meals with particular taste preferences and specific ingredients . Two chefs dropped out and two remained for the challenge . I eventually told my friends about this and they began ordering custom meals as well , birthing the idea and concept of DishMe . " As the DishMe team came together , Bagga said one of the biggest challenges for the startup has been determining a specific target audience , and then communicating to this audience the services and products it 's offering . After conducting multiple trials to validate the concept , DishMe partnered with an insurance provider to start operating as a business . The startup 's defined target audience is comprised of busy 40-something professionals who struggle with finding the time to cook and maintain a healthy lifestyle . " Since the market for personal chefs is typically exclusive and expensive , our current proposals dominate the competition both in price and convenience . In respect to our value proposition , we are the world 's first online marketplace of its kind and prioritise our customers by assessing local chefs with local sustainable , healthy , limitless and efficient food , " Bagga said . According to Bagga , DishMe 's focus is not profiting off customers but rather prioritising the " uniqueness and individuality " of each of its customers . " Unlike typical businesses who centre in profiting the business by profiting off customers , DishMe efforts in prioritising on the uniqueness and individuality in each of our customers . Bagga said the startup has over 150 chefs registered in Sydney awaiting launch . After registering online , DishMe takes a chef through a vetting process including an interview , " taste approval " , and kitchen inspection . The startup then takes photos and video to assist in the " branding " of a chef . DishMe also sets prices for chefs in order to maintain consistency and ensure a level playing field of sorts on its platform , ensuring chefs are focused on serving quality food rather than fixated on price , Bagga explained . Consumers , meanwhile , will be able to sign up and note their dietary requirements , then be taken to the marketplace where they can browse chefs in their area and chat to those they are interested in before placing an order . DishMe will take a 20 percent cut of every transaction . Consumers will be able to pick up the food themselves or have it delivered by the chef ; Bagga said the startup will look to partner with a logistics company in the future to facilitate delivery . DishMe recently made its way into the latest intake of the H2 Accelerator run by H2 Ventures , which has traditionally been fintech - focused . In a blog post calling for applications earlier this year , founding partner of H2 Ventures Toby Heap explored the different spaces the accelerator would be looking to explore this year , with peer - to - peer marketplaces one of them . " P2P marketplaces such as Uber , AirBnB and Freelancer have fundamentally shaken entire industries to their cores by shifting the power dynamic from intermediaries to consumers . We consider that the defining feature of these marketplace businesses is that they allow an efficient and convenient financial transaction between peers , without requiring a traditional trusted intermediary , " Heap wrote . " Two sided marketplaces also have the distinct advantage that they have built in network effects providing potential durable competitive advantages . We especially like marketplaces that leverage consumer collective bargaining as part of their approach . " It was his cofounder Gambhir that advocated for applying to the accelerator , Bagga said , and two months in , DishMe is benefiting from the advice and networking links of the program , as well as the $ 100,000 in seed funding . The support from the accelerator will surely come in handy , with DishMe trying to make headway in a crowded space ; it 's competing with everything from restaurants to delivery services such as Deliveroo and Foodora , ' meal box ' companies like Marley Spoon and HelloFresh , and peer - to - peer home cook startup FoodByUs , launched last year by a team including former Menulog managing director Gary Munitz . FoodByUs and now DishMe are following in the footsteps of a number of similar startups that have found the model difficult to scale : there was YourFork , which launched and operated for a short time in 2013 ; Welcome Over , which allows users to effectively host dinner parties for neighbours in ' pop up home restaurants ' but does not currently show any listings ; and Neighbour Flavour , which has yet to properly launch . As it progresses through the H2 Accelerator program , Bagga said the startup is focused on launching in and growing throughout Sydney .
For college students , going to class and reading about building a business is one thing , but having the opportunity to actually build one of their own is quite another . Sure there are plenty of business courses that students can take to up their game , but having a program completely dedicated to livening their entrepreneurial spirit will take things to a different level . And now , it 's happening at Arizona State University . Draper University and Arizona State University have partnered up to bring up to 80 students into Silicon Valley and give them immense resources and knowledge about entrepreneurship from a bevy of experts and business leaders . And for those students who are concerned about missing classes for the program , not to worry . This program gives each student 15 college credits as well as a certificate of entrepreneurship . ASU and Draper University are no strangers to innovation . The U.S. News and World Report ranks ASU # 1 in Innovation . Tim Draper , after whom Draper University is named , has been a leader in educating and empowering aspiring entrepreneurs with innovative approaches . Draper University has branded itself as " a boarding school for entrepreneurs , " and has graduated over 500 students with a total of 280 companies started and $ 51.4 million raised . The program , titled " Semester in Silicon Valley " , will give each student the opportunity to pitch their new startups at the end to dozens of venture capitalists that are ready to open their wallets toward any attractive prospects . Startups that have gone through the Draper University program have raised over $ 200,000 at the demo day . The curriculum in the program will consist of five upper - level courses at ASU ranging from " Mobile and Web Programming " to " Immersive Entrepreneurial Experience . " Students will also get coaching and mentoring by Peak Performance Educator Gina Kloes as well as have the opportunity to tour the headquarters of Google and Tesla . At Phoenix Startup Week , Tim Draper told stories about his investment with Tesla , Elon Musk , Draper U , SpaceX , innovation , disrupting industies and more , with moderator : Michael Hool , Managing Partner Hool Coury Law . SP Read more about the Phoenix startup ecosystem here at Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / Kevin Dooley
Helpling , one of Europe 's leading platforms for booking a vetted and insured cleaner online , announced today the extension of its business model . Customers will now be able to book additional household services such as window cleaning , furniture assembling and painting work . With this move , Helpling aims to reposition itself as the leading platform for booking household services online . The new services will first launch across 15 German cities including Berlin , Munich , Frankfurt and Cologne . The global launch will take place later this year , with the first country set to be the United Kingdom . After several months of trialing and testing , customers are now able to book multiple household services , including window cleaning , furniture assembling , carpet and upholstery cleaning , clearing out and painting work . Over the course of the next few months , the choice of services will be continuously extended . In addition to partnering with self - employed cleaners , Helpling is now working with more than 150 partner companies . Helpling stated that it is selecting such partners based on quality , reliability and price . This will save customers a time - consuming comparison , where they will now be able to book a service for a fixed price on their desired date through secure online payment . Partner companies will benefit by saving customer acquisition costs as well as handing over all matters such as invoicing and customer service . Benedikt Franke , Co - Founder of Helpling stated : " Searching for a reliable window cleaner or painter has traditionally been an inconvenient and frustrating task . You typically have to wait weeks in order to book an appointment and the estimated costs rarely meet the final price . Our aim is to rearrange and improve another non - transparent market through technology . By the extension of our business model , Helpling is firmly positioning itself as Europe 's leading brand for household services . " Philip Huffmann , Co - Founder of Helpling added : " The experience of bringing together 10,000 cleaners with over 100,000 households , as well as the technological maturity of the platform , offer the ideal basis for this strategic step . With the extension of the business model , Helpling creates a marketplace , which mediates various household services from a single source . " Helpling was founded by Benedikt Franke , Philip Huffmann and Rocket Internet in January 2014 . Since then the company has raised EUR 56.5 million from investors such as Mangrove Capital Partners , Phenomen Ventures , Point Nine Capital , Lukasz Gadowski , Lakestar and Kite Ventures . Helpling is active in 9 countries in 3 continents : Australia , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , the Netherlands , Singapore , UAE and UK . In 2015 we mentioned Helpling as one of " 5 German startups to look out for in 2015 " .
Since 2014 , the Creative Startups accelerator has supported a wide range of creative entrepreneurs that went on to create 144 new jobs , raise $ 6.5 million , and bring in $ 7.9 million in new revenues . Those are great numbers for an accelerator that started in one area of New Mexico . And by expanding their licensed product into North Carolina and Kuwait , and adding a pre - accelerator lab , they expect even more positive outcomes . Back in 2007 , the organization was founded in Santa Fe , New Mexico by Alice Loy and Tom Aageson and was known as the Global Center for Cultural Entrepreneurship . Since molded into the nonprofit Creative Startups and fostering a few years of successful accelerator cohorts in Albuquerque , they realized that there were many companies who needed pre - accelerator assistance , so they put together a lab for early stage creative ideas , the applications just closed on the first labs . " We wanted to help companies get ready to apply to an accelerator , maybe not ours , but whatever program they 'd be right for . " Says Julia Youngs , Program Manager for Creative Startups . It 's that focus on keeping things flexible and creative that is becoming a success for Creative Startups . For example , a representative from Kuwait approached Creative Startups to see about implementing the program there , but not for just any creative businesses . Kuwait has a burgeoning community of restaurants and food , and they felt that was the best use of a Creative Startups accelerator , so ' Savor : Everything Food ' was born . " We are n't about just a cookie cutter image of what we do everywhere . Every situation and location is different and we need to make sure we 're addressing those differences , " said Youngs . Want to hear more about the Creative Economy ? Check out the panel discussion at SXSW , Rise of the Creative Economy Across Sectors , on Tuesday , March 13th at 5 pm , where one of the panelists will be Julia Youngs of Creative Startups . If you 're an Albuquerque ( or surrounding area ) creative , the accelerator applications open in May.
Cockroach Labs , which provides an open source database for developers , announced today the launch of an enterprise offering , as well as funding of $ 27 million . Redpoint Ventures led the round , with Benchmark Capital , FirstMark Capital , GV , and Index Ventures returning as investors . " We are offering what is going to become the new standard -- ' multi - active availability ' , " wrote Cockroach Labs ' founder and CEO , Spencer Kimball , in an email to VentureBeat . " It means multiple servers have replicas of your data , and there are new protections in place to ensure that in the event of failover , applications built on top of the database will not experience potentially damaging inconsistencies . " The startup 's name is a tribute to a cockroach 's resiliency . Kimball argues that while databases offered by private clouds like Google Cloud or Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) may offer similar features , Cockroach Labs ' product has the advantage of flexibly spanning different clouds in hybrid deployments and migrating between clouds without downtime . " This means no vendor lock - in , which is a dangerous problem when you 're entrusting all of your data to one vendor , " he wrote in an email to VentureBeat . CockroachDB Enterprise is available starting today through a paid subscription model for customers with larger data sets . The subscription includes incremental backup / restore and support , and the startup claims to already have notable customers in production , including Baidu . Cockroach Labs will use today 's funding to further develop its products , increase customer support , and make additional hires . Founded in 2015 , the New York City - based startup has 30 employees and has raised a total of $ 53.5 million to date .
Next Insurance , an online insurance platform that targets small to medium - sized businesses , has raised $ 29 million in a Series A round of funding led by Munich Re / HSB Ventures , Markel , and Nationwide , with participation from other existing investors . Founded out of Palo Alto , Calif. in 2016 , Next Insurance is the latest in a long line of insurance tech startups to garner VC funding , with the likes of New York - based Lemonade raising one of Sequoia 's largest - ever seed rounds back in 2015 , while Insurify recently closed a $ 4.6 million round for its auto insurance comparison bot , and last month Trov closed a $ 45 million round . Notably , German insurance giant Munich Re also led that round of funding through its HSB Ventures offshoot . Unlike fledgling insurance companies such as Lemonade , which is licensed to issue its own policies , Next Insurance partners with existing insurance providers to actually issue the policies , with Next focusing on packaging the policies within its technology platform . Next Insurance says that it creates a " direct link " with targeted small business owners and focuses on specific industries , such as " yoga insurance , " " landscaper insurance , " and " janitorial insurance . " Indeed , Next Insurance actually partnered with Munich Re back in December to launch an insurance product that targets commercial photographers . " The small business sector is vast and extremely varied , yet the small business insurance market is digitally underserved , " explained Next CEO and cofounder Guy Goldstein . " This is especially true for independent business owners like photographers and personal trainers that we 're already serving . Next 's platform is able to overcome significant challenges by simplifying and expediting the insurance sign up and engagement process for the small business owner and channeling advanced data analytics to create policies that are tailored to the unique needs of different classes of business . " Today 's news comes a little more than a year after Next raised a $ 13 million seed round of funding ahead of its official launch . And with an additional $ 29 million in the bank , it says it will now double down on building out its insurance products and expanding into new sectors .
The on - demand economy presents a chicken - or - the - egg conundrum : Did consumer need for instant gratification give rise to on - demand everything ? Or did the emergence of companies like Lyft , Postmates , and Blue Apron make people hungry to have their every whim satisfied at a moment 's notice ? On - demand companies are transforming our world in major and minor ways . MIT 's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory found that Lyft 's and Uber 's ride - sharing services could decrease the number of cars on the road by 75 percent . Fewer vehicles on the road means reduced traffic , lowered carbon emissions , and potentially fewer crashes . Not every on - demand business is saving the planet or people , but the market trend has changed how we buy groceries , hire dog walkers , and book trips . Most people 's daily needs and desires can now be fulfilled with a few taps -- and almost no human interaction . People have become so accustomed to the convenience of on - demand services that they take the complex technology powering them for granted . These seamless experiences are powered by integrative application programming interfaces , or APIs ; on - demand apps only work when these interfaces harmonize . On - demand apps ca n't function without real - time loops . For example , ride - sharing services update drivers , passengers , and dispatchers on each other 's progress from the moment a ride is hailed until it 's paid . In - app messages , SMS texts , and push notifications enable that synchronization , and each function relies on its own API . Fortunately , developers do n't have to build alert infrastructures or worry about compatibility . The notification services handle the heavy lifting , including compliance and security standards . Developers would be wise to weave various APIs into their apps to ensure users have consistently reliable experiences . The proliferation of APIs has allowed startups and developers in emerging markets to ride the on - demand wave . They might start with fewer resources than companies in the U.S. or Europe , but developers can use integrative APIs to build secure , feature - rich apps at a low cost . Three technologies have been pivotal in this transformation : Commerce - based APIs such as Braintree and Stripe facilitate easy payments for developers and users . Their simple interfaces allow customers to provide credit or debit card information once and then check out with a single click . Developers can easily integrate these APIs into their apps , knowing payments are transferred across secure platforms . Commerce APIs offer several different payment setups , including subscription and one - off options . The low barrier to entry levels the playing field for startups and established brands in emerging markets . SP Almost every on - demand service today uses maps . Mapping APIs such as Mapbox provide a suite of features for developers who want to enable real - time navigation and map functionality within their apps . Users love tracking the progress of orders in real time , and people fulfilling those orders need features that provide delivery locations and directions . Mapbox provides directions , traffic , and estimated arrival times while enabling developers to build interactive maps for end users . Front - end frameworks such as React and Angular2 are flexible , easy to manipulate , and fully customizable . These platforms offer numerous user interface elements so developers can create responsive , reliable experiences . They 're also compatible with a range of devices and operating systems . As new devices flood these markets , apps must be able to accommodate the platforms consumers embrace . At a time when consumers have gourmet meals and personal drivers at their fingertips , companies must be ready to deliver instantly and provide excellent customer experiences . APIs allow them to do that , further entwining tech in the on - demand era .
Let 's be honest ; you take your smartphone everywhere . Whether you 're looking for a way to capture a lively party or just need a loyal companion to keep you company in the bathroom , these little devices have become part of your family . And if you want to take immersive 360deg photos with your smartphone , Giroptic has finally adapted their innovative technology for your favorite handheld device : the iPhone . With the launch of Giroptic iO , you can finally immerse yourself in your selfies . This compact , portable camera attachment for the iPhone or iPad allows people to capture , share and live stream experiences in fully immersive 360deg images . In addition to the easily - attachable nature of the product , Giroptic has added a bevy of new features that allow for everything from simple social sharing to easy editing . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ " GIROPTIC iO simultaneously provides a user - friendly camera and a new platform of services , " said Richard Ollier , cofounder and CEO of GIROPTIC in a press release . " We 're creating a simple social sharing service and removing previous barriers such as complex editing , lag time , cumbersome processing and unoptimized compatibility with major social networks . " According to the San Francisco - based company , Giroptic iO will begin shipping in mid January . Devices are available for preorder on their website and will cost $ 249 . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded . Photos : Giroptic
DeakinCo , the commercial arm of Deakin University , has partnered with Cann10 Australia to launch the Medicinal Cannabis Leadership Program in Melbourne , an education program for medicinal cannabis . The program aims to further the growth of Australia 's medicinal cannabis industry by bringing together both science and industry leaders in the space from across Australia , the US , Europe , and Israel to help participants understand both the scientific and commercial aspects of the industry . It will take participants through a series of key knowledge areas , including history and sociology , agriculture and genetics , extraction and manufacture , biochemical science , legislation and regulation , and commerce and research and development . Consisting of lectures , workshops , and webinars , the program will be led by Dr Henry Pinskier , chair of the John Curtin Research Centre ; Professor John Rosenberg , former Senior Deputy Vice - Chancellor at La Trobe University ; and director Rhys Cohen , an industry expert . Among those delivering lectures and workshops will be Dr David Meiri , an assistant professor at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology ; Mara Gordon , founder of Aunt Zelda 's and Calla Spring Wellness ; and Phil Warner , managing director of Ecofibre . Professor Jon Watson , dean of the School of Medicine Faculty of Health at Deakin University , said , " It is with great satisfaction that I am able to endorse Cann10 's unique approach that takes in basic biomedical science , agriculture and cultivation , and also entrepreneurship . This is very unusual , but also fit for purpose . " The launch of the program comes at a busy time for the Australian medicinal cannabis sector ; the use of medical cannabis for patients with chronic or painful illnesses was made legal under the Narcotic Drugs Amendment Act last year , with supply coming from a Victorian cultivation site and import into Australia on a case - by - case basis . With regulators coming around , local accelerator BuddingTech last month announced a partnership with global cannabis software and POS solutions company Guardian Data Software that will see GDS clients leverage BuddingTech 's analytical research and consultancy services , with the two organisations to also work together on new educational and research programs . It follows a rush of medicinal cannabis companies launching on the ASX . One of the latest to make its debut was Israeli startup eSense - Lab , which has created technology to ' reverse engineer ' the production of a plant 's terpene profile . With an initial focus on the cannabis plant , the company produces a product that resembles cannabis in both its smell and taste and medicinal benefits . The Medicinal Cannabis Leadership Program will be one of the first programs run by DeakinCo , which launched through the merger of Deakin University 's workforce capability development business , DeakinPrime , and its credentialing business , DeakinDigital , last month . DeakinCo looks to provide a " modern , flexible approach to learning in the workplace to enhance workforce capability " . Simon Hann , CEO of the new entity , said , " Our user - centric approach and innovations in credentialing , combined with our link to Deakin University put us in a unique position as the only learning and professional development partner with end - to - end capability enhancement offerings for workplaces . "
The Queensland government has this week opened its largest startup precinct in Fortitude Valley 's TC Beirne building , a place for entrepreneurs and investors to " collaborate , collide , succeed and shine " . Dubbed ' The Precinct ' , Leeanne Enoch , Queensland 's Minister for Innovation , Science and the Digital Economy , said at the launch that the space is intended to draw an influx of startups to Queensland to position the state as a rich investment hub . SP " The Precinct will help position Queensland as an ideal destination for startups , where the best and brightest come to transform new ideas into high growth businesses , " she said . Development was funded by the Government 's $ 405 million Advance Queensland initiative , which looks to support state innovation ; $ 6 million was contributed to The Precinct 's construction . SP " The ultimate vision of Advance Queensland is to get the whole State participating in creating jobs of the future and anticipating issues that may arise from an increasingly diverse global economy . By doing so , Queensland will be better positioned to compete in the global economy in the future , " said Enoch . In addition to office spaces , The Precinct holds a number of other facilities too , including a child care centre to cater for parent - entrepreneurs . The space itself spans roughly 5000 square metres , with 80 percent of the building already leased out to tenants . SP Amongst the founding tenants are River City Labs , One Ventures , Myriad , the Open Data Institute of Queensland and the CSIRO 's Data61 . In addition to joining the innovation precinct , Data61 also announced today a $ 16.7 million partnership with the Queensland Government . According to Enoch , the partnership will allow businesses , organisations and government access to the company 's knowledge base . SP She explained , " [ They will gain ] CSIRO Data61 's expertise in turning complex data into knowledge and using these insights to help create new approaches to service delivery and solve real problems every day . " As part of the deal , Data61 will also develop a Functional Programming Open Lab , which Enoch said will deliver new job opportunities within Queensland , including ten starting engineering positions . SP Also housed within The Precinct is the office of Queensland 's Chief Entrepreneur Mark Sowerby , who described Queensland as " way ahead of the curve " in opening the collaborative hub . " Cohesion and networks are crucial in order to successfully develop Queensland as a startup economy , " he said . Looking to support the next wave of startup talent through another avenue , today saw Sowerby partner with traveller and ' Best Job in the World ' winner Ben Southall to create the ' Venturer ' program . Inspired by Southall 's adventurous lifestyle , the program will see a chosen entrepreneurs receive one - on - one mentoring and workshops opportunities while travelling alongside Southall in the outdoors . SP Venturer will develop the trip beside other programs including Queensland 's Startup Catalyst , which organises international ' missions ' to startup hubs such as Silicon Valley , with the purpose of developing an entrepreneur mentally . SP " Startup Catalyst has a great track record of equipping people with a ' global - first ' view . We want to take this further by working on the emotional and mental side . The entrepreneurship journey requires pushing boundaries , both physically and mentally , but I strongly believe people are universally surprised by what they can achieve when tested , " said Sowerby . " The Venturer program will build skills and character traits that are fundamental to entrepreneurialism , such as resilience , problem - solving , resourcefulness , risk management , creative thinking and leadership . "
For the past two weeks , I have been based at Impact Hub Accra to assist the team with business development as well as conducting research as part of my master 's in African Studies at Leiden University . As similar hubs continue to emerge across the continent , I seek to investigate the role hubs and innovation centres play in facilitating the pathways of its members . To explore this I have chosen to use Impact Hub Accra as a unique case study . My research focuses on how this particular hub advocates the trajectories of entrepreneurs , notably ' social ' entrepreneurs . I will spend the next couple of weeks interviewing resident entrepreneurs , stakeholders and the hub 's management team . I will also observe ' daily life ' in an attempt to discover and reflect on what makes a hub ' a hub ' , and the dynamic it creates and nurtures with social entrepreneurs . Although I am conducting a case study at one hub , I believe that the findings I will capture are reflective of trends across the hub universe . This hub , nestled in the Osu neighbourhood of Accra , first opened it 's doors in April 2013 . Initially operating as ' Hub Accra ' , the hub joined the Impact Hub global family in August 2015 , simultaneously moving into a neighbouring - but larger - property . Impact Hub Accra is one of the city 's premier entrepreneurial hotspots . As a collaborative organisation it provides growth support services to innovative start - up businesses , including accelerator programs for entrepreneurs , pitch and leadership workshops , the opportunity to design and prototype and more . The hub , with a 1400 sqm space and close to 200 paying members , is an active nexus where different local and global ecosystem players converge and engage Ghana 's vibrant community of entrepreneurs . On a global scale , the Impact Hub network currently consists of 80 open hubs , 15,000 + members and 26 spaces in the making . The network focuses on offering a unique ecosystem where resources , inspiration and collaboration opportunities intersect to leverage the ambitions and work of social enterprises every step of the way . The steady , daily cohort of co - workers who imbue the air with the tapping of keyboards at Impact Hub Accra is infused with meetings , outdoor coffee breaks and a range of events and programs . Recently the hub hosted ' Chocothon ' , a 5 day conference and hackathon ( led by Google and the International Trade Centre amongst other partners ) which hosted stakeholders , businesses , individuals and hackers to build sustainable solutions to cocoa supply chains . Impact Hub Accra is part of the wider phenomenon of hubs , incubators and accelerators , which have gained prominence on both a global and African scale . Within the African context alone there have been estimates of over 300 active ' hubs ' as of August 2016 . In conjunction with the growth of this phenomenon there have been numerous articles , reports and blog posts investigating the world of hubs and incubators , on both a global as a regional scale . Reflecting on the African uptake of hubs , a the comparative study and report was published in May 2013 by Duncan Gathege and Hilda Moraa of iHub Research . The report looks at factors that have contributed to the growth of 6 hubs across the continent . Within the report , differences , similarities and critical success factors for the aforementioned hubs are brought to light . The community of members is seen as key to driving a hub , yet each hub can and often does differ in terms of management structures and guiding principles . Critical success factors are identified as being government support , strategic partnerships , and research and development opportunities , amongst others . Amongst a myriad of recommendations for the hubs in question ( as well as those outside of the investigation ) , it is suggested that the hubs implement monitoring and evaluation mechanisms , work on long - term sustainability models and introduce investor education programs . In light of the above - mentioned report and its findings , I decided to briefly reflect on my own first impressions on the operation and environment of Impact Hub Accra . First impressions count . And my first couple of days at the hub immediately alluded to a profound , yet ethereal , sense of what it is that makes this hub , ' a hub ' . From the moment you enter the building you are enveloped within a sense of community and trust . As first impressions go , what makes the hub what it is , is it 's ability to create a microcosm in which co - workers , visitors , interested parties or even passers - by can play into a vision and mission where sharing , rather than harbouring , knowledge is encouraged . Being vulnerable and open to the transfer of skills , ideas has allowed the hub to flourish beyond its physical buildings and structures . The building is cool , minimalistic and unimposing . It is an oasis within the city 's traffic and overarching energy , yet it is modest and down - to - earth . The truth is , this could be any building in Accra , especially in light of both the scale and speed of building works , which can be encountered throughout this hot and bustling metropolis . Yet for some reason it is this very building , which has managed to result in a convergence of capital , people , and ideas . Why is that ? It is this I hope to investigate over the next couple of weeks . There are other , more environmental factors lurking beneath the surface that might lead us towards the answer . For most entrepreneurs , freelancers and aspiring professionals in the city it is simply impossible to afford private office space . It is not unheard of to be asked for 6 months ' , a year 's or even two year 's rent in advance , for both residential and commercial properties alike . The hub , therefore offers a rare and essential opportunity to be able to engage in activity without having to work from home or a cafe , at a relatively low cost . Furthermore , Impact Hub Accra is unique in being able to provide its members with fast , secure and reliable Google fiber internet . Whilst internet access of such quality is on the uptake , for the time being , it remains a luxury and one which is imperative within the needs of the generation of digital youth . In the two weeks I have been here I feel that I have only scratched the surface in terms of what really makes Impact Hub Accra what it is . In light of the speed and scale of growth of hubs , incubators and proposed innovation enclaves across the continent- let alone ambitious projects to launch a ' Silicon Savannah'- I hope that my in - depth , investigate case study might be able to elucidate not only on ' success ' factors of hubs , but also capture underlying ideas and theories which have necessitated the birth of this phenomenon . More critical questions need to be asked and observations made as to how- on a day to day basis- factors such as advance rent payments and lack of infrastructure have led to the development of this and possibly other locations . While intangible elements such as the strength of the community certainly play a crucial role , there must be more at stake here than simply offering a physical space for people to meet and work . This article by Eline Sleurink originally appeared on VC4 Africa , a Burn Media publishing partner . Feature image : Impact Hub via Flickr .
Soldo , the London - based fintech startup founded by Carlo Gualandri , who previously helped create Italy 's first online bank , is rolling out a new product in the U.K. today aimed at businesses who need to deploy and manage expenses across an entire company . Similar to Soldo 's original offering , a multi - user spending account aimed at families , Soldo Business lets companies " delegate , control and track " departmental and employee spending in real - time . It combines a Soldo account , central dashboard , apps for iOS and Android , and virtual wallets or physical ' pre - paid ' cards that can be handed out to employees , departments and even external consultants or contractors . SP Related Articles London fintech startup Soldo launches multi - user spending account for families Pleo is a company card that claims to automate expense reports Smart SMB bank Tide comes out of the gate with bags of features The latter , of course , is made possible by the granular spending controls that are at the heart of Soldo 's tech stack . This allows for different expense criteria for each employee , contractor or spending department , with permissions set and all spending trackable centrally . For example , cash limits can be set and companies can choose to block online payments , cashpoint withdrawals and foreign transactions . In addition , the Soldo Business mobile app lets users add transaction information and photos of receipts , while the whole system integrates with commonly used business accounting packages . On competitors , Gualandri had this to say : " We continue to see ourselves as a companion to a traditional bank account ( which is needed anyway for a company of a certain size ) rather than a replacement like Tide , and one important difference with the others is that we are launching a fully functioning product that companies can start using right away " .
startup pitches . Company : Helpr . Headquarters : Los Angeles , California . Founding team : Co - Founders Kasey Edwards ( CEO ) and Becka Klauber Richter ( President ) . Why we like it : Being a parent is hard . Getting freedom from your kids is even harder . Helpr is the get out of jail -- or rather , escape your children -- card that everyone has been looking for . Helpr identifies as a real life babysitters ' club , providing parents and carers with reliable , pre - checked babysitters ( i.e. , ones safe to work with kids ) . Serving the on - demand economy , as it were , the Helpr app offers hundreds of screened and trusted babysitters who are available with as little as three hours notice . According to the team , unlike other babysitting services , Helpr 's babysitters have in - person interviews with Helpr staff and are background checked , double referenced checked , and CPR certified . The app currently services Los Angeles , Orange County , and Santa Barbara , with plans to expand to additional areas in the near future . Co - founding team Edwards and Richter are both UCSB grads and are also founding members of FFLA ( Female Founders Los Angeles ) , a group of women supporting women in tech leadership . According to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics , day care and childcare as an industry will see some of the biggest growth in the run up to 2020 , putting Helpr on track to have serious disruptive potential . So , potential bugs ? Well , mainly , that people like to stick with who they know . Uber is great , but has it replaced ' the guy ' we have in our contacts book ? Probably not . Similarly , we like to stick with the same doctors and teachers etc etc , so babysitters could be suspect to our own innate clinginess . But then , lets not forget -- they help you escape your kids . Oh , the humanity .
From a standing start a decade ago , Australia 's Startup landscape has grown exponentially over the last few years ; there are more resources devoted to helping new Startups get off the ground than ever before , with coworking spaces , incubators , and accelerators aplenty , targeting every niche imaginable . On the surface , it may seem like all these efforts are devoted to early stage businesses , but as more of the pioneering Startups in the ecosystem mature into Scaleups , the number of initiatives out there to support them is also growing . So what exactly is a Scaleup ? For Trent Bagnall , co - founder of Slingshot Accelerator , Scaleups are simply mature Startups . " They already have revenue , customers , a product that has product / market fit , and they generally have experienced growth of 30 percent year on year ; those are the minimum requirements , " he explained . Designed to support these businesses is the AVRO Scaleup program , run by Slingshot Accelerator in conjunction with corporate partner Qantas . Qantas is running both a Startup and a Scaleup program through AVRO to address strategic opportunities it has identified for collaboration with innovative businesses . These opportunities have been grouped according to five key themes : creating seamless journeys ; care beyond the air ; building connected platforms ; transforming for tomorrow ; and innovating without limits . The Scaleup program in particular has been designed to connect corporates with a new solution that is close to ready - made to help them fix a problem within their business , or allow them to tap into new markets quickly . Bagnall explained that through the AVRO program , Qantas is looking for businesses that " may still be in Startup - land " , but SP need an incentivised partner like Qantas with a large customer base to help them scale quickly . The Scaleup program was developed after Slingshot Accelerator found that , while its Startup program does well to connect corporates with innovative products and services that might add value to their business at some point in the future , limiting applications to exclude more mature Startups also meant excluding Startups with significant potential that a corporate could work with immediately to reach a deal . SP Though they may have some fine - tuning to do , Bagnall explained , a Scaleup with revenue and product / market fit is generally less in need of the services offered by an accelerator , such as advice around business modelling , branding , and pitch preparation , and more in need of a partnership deal with a corporate . Bagnall explained , " While the Startups are still getting their MVPs done and getting product / market fit , the corporate can already start working with a group of Scaleups that are ready to go . " Though a Startup probably adds a more " disruptive type " of innovation to a corporate 's business than a mature Scaleup , Bagnall admitted , they are also high risk ; a Scaleup with product / market fit means a higher probability of making a deal . With this in mind , the AVRO Scaleup program looks to help with the core problem facing Scaleups : the process of scaling . The goal of AVRO is to help the Scaleup and the corporate sign a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) by the time the program wraps up . " As Startups know , trying to deal with a large corporate can be time wasting and messy - it can be lots of maybes , " Bagnall explained . " There 's this analogy about lots of cups of coffee ; often the Startup will reach out to the corporate to say , ' I think we ' ve got a great product ' , so they meet in a coffee shop and do a little demo , the corporate gets really excited , the Startup goes back and says , ' we 're going to sign a great deal with this large corporate ' , and it turns into six to 12 months of maybes and often just fades away . " Slingshot Accelerator calls its Scaleup program a ' Quick to No ' program , with the goal to help get Qantas and the Scaleup to an MoU in five meetings or less . The form that MoU takes can vary , whether it be a white label distribution agreement to Qantas 's existing customers or bringing the Scaleup on as a vendor to use its technology internally . To help both the Scaleup and the corporate get ready for this process , Slingshot Accelerator acts as a facilitator and does the heavy lifting . As Bagnall puts it , Slingshot Accelerator 's skillset lies in bringing the two different forces together . " There 's a different language and culture on both sides , " he said . Slingshot Accelerator will work with the Scaleup to ensure they have a solid value proposition for Qantas , then work with the internal business units at Qantas to ensure there is a fit and a demand for the Scaleup 's offering , adequate resourcing , and KPIs associated with its onboarding . With Slingshot Accelerator and Qantas aware that Scaleups are well and truly busy running their businesses , they are able to take part in the program remotely . This participation may be different from Scaleup to Scaleup , depending on the stage of their business and what they need . " There might be a couple of face to face meetings in Sydney , but there 's no requirement to be full time or part time , so it really opens the program up to Startups and Scaleups across the country and internationally . It 's a lower touch process , and we 're really trying to get outcomes with the least amount of time input as possible , " Bagnall said . Previous iterations of the Scaleup program have seen success , with healthtech Scaleup Curo Technologies a key example . Coming through the HCF Catalyst program , Slingshot Accelerator helped the Scaleup and HCF develop a commercial agreement that has seen the two work closely together over the last year , with HCF also later investing $ 1 million into the business . Of course , just because a Scaleup may have product / market fit , customers , and revenue does n't mean they might not need extra assistance ; those in need of a helping hand will also have access to the Avro Startup program , enabling them to tap into the wealth of skills and expertise in the mentor network . They will also have access to the full range of perks being given to participants , including $ 5,000 in flights redeemable from Qantas and Jetstar . Bagnall said , " It 's all about getting a real outcome at the end of the process . " You can find out more about the AVRO scaleup program here .
Though not a new concept , the conversion of bikes into eBikes has gained in popularity over the years , especially thanks to crowdfunding campaigns . Announced today at CES , Dulles - based Falco eMotors is launching their own take on eBike conversion kits . Like those before it , Falco offers a solution to turn any bike into an outdoor hybrid eBike , but with a slight twist . In addition to the hybrid conversion , Falco 's offering also allows the bike to become an interactive indoor power trainer . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Falco 's latest offering uses direct drive technology to offer riders more than a 100 mile range , and achieving speeds up to 28 mph . The wheel is powered by lightweight lithium batteries that are mounted to the bike frame . " This is an extraordinary and exciting development for the eBike industry , " said Falco eMotors President Rakesh Dhawan . " It brings the most unusual combination of zero - carbon , high - speed commuting and advanced training into one core direct - drive technology with wonderful benefits to the end user . It is truly the most innovative technology in the eBike space . " For those attending CES , Falco will be accepting pre - orders on site starting at $ 1150 for the conversion kit or just under $ 2,000 for the bike and trainer . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
Rover is rolling out its biggest ad campaign ever . ( Screenshot via YouTube ) . SP Rover is growing up fast and learning some new tricks along the way . The Seattle startup is rolling out its first national ad campaign today to promote its dog walking and sitting marketplace . SP Rover says it 's now the largest dog care network in the country with more than 100,000 sitters and 75,000 dog walkers . Rover beefed up its network by acquiring its top competitor , DogVacay , for an undisclosed sum in March . SP Thanks to that growth , Rover is planning to spend $ 4.5 million on marketing and advertisement this year . The national campaign launching today is Rover 's biggest media investment to date . By offering services in cities across the U.S. and Canada , Rover and DogVacay generated over $ 150 million in bookings in 2016 . Last year , Rover raised $ 40 million in what CEO Aaron Easterly said could be its last round of fundraising before going public . " Our goal with this campaign is to show pet parents that Rover can help them find true dog people who will care for their dog the same way they would ... We 're a community of dog people in every sense , from our sitters , to the pet parents we serve , to the Rover employees , and this campaign is reflective of that , " said Halle Hutchison , vice president of marketing for Rover . SP
With all the attention surrounding outsourcing , some might be surprised that it 's lost a bit of steam recently . According to an Information Services Group study , traditional outsourcing fell 25 percent during the last quarter of 2016 , in comparison to the last quarter of 2015 . This dip , the industry 's largest since 2009 , raises important questions for small companies , most notably : Which tasks are worth keeping in house , and which ones should be doled out to the experts ? Most companies wait until a round of funding comes through before outsourcing . Accounting and HR can afford that , but needs like legal consultation should go external from day one , no matter how much capital you have on hand . Going external helps efficiency . Some entrepreneurs fear outsourcing could have adverse internal effects -- specifically , outsourcing could impact a company 's productivity . However , a Deloitte survey on global outsourcing positions outsourcing not only as an approach that does n't dampen productivity , but one that also sparks innovation , which can further boost productivity . Fifty - nine percent of survey respondents said outsourcing reduces costs , 47 percent believed it 's useful in finding unique ways to address capacity issues and 29 percent thought it boosts a company 's chances to scale globally . With those three variables looming large in the productivity of any growing company , these numbers point to outsourcing as a trend startups should buy into . It 's just a matter of figuring out how to make it work best for your company . Deciding when and what to outsource can seem tricky , but your primary objective should always be to keep production moving . These three tips can help your team make the most of outsourcing without losing any speed : 1 . Decide what 's a must - have . What can be outsourced successfully is occasionally a surprise . List what is -- and is n't -- mission - critical for your company , then decide on outsourcing from there . Slack founder Stewart Butterfield outsourced the workplace messaging app 's development -- and the creation of its logo and website -- to an agency . Butterfield and his team play - tested the design and tweaked it , based on feedback , before releasing it . Within two weeks of its release , Slack received 15,000 invitation requests ; and DMR covered Slack 's current stats , which showed the company at 5 million daily active users and counting . A great rule of thumb is for a startup team to have a clear understanding of what the company 's mission is so resources can be preserved for that work . Spending time on this process on the front end will get the ball rolling and free up time on the back end . 2 . Adopt an old - school mindset . Nothing beats a real - life recommendation when it comes to connecting with outsourced providers who can meet your needs without becoming a drain on the company . Our firm frequently receives referrals from startups that found out about us through other companies we ' ve worked with . Whether it 's at a conference , a shared workspace or a happy hour , face - to - face networking with other founders is invaluable . " Who are you using for _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ? " is an easy question to ask , and it may save you a lot of headaches in the long run . 3 . Leverage existing service providers . Once you find a high - quality outsourced service provider , remember that the company can frequently offer resources in areas beyond its specialty . Asking these service providers whom they work with can initiate unexpected solutions -- these service providers typically work across all industries because the operational foundations of many businesses are very similar . GitHub CIO Scott Chacon met the company 's CEO and co - founder , Chris Wanstrath , at a chance meetup in San Francisco . Upon hearing about Chacon 's knowledge of Git , Wanstrath brought him in as a consultant for what would eventually become Gist , a GitHub sharing feature . Outsourcing can create great opportunities for small companies without hampering their productivity . If they can determine when sending work out will work better than keeping it in - house , they can take advantage of the resources offered by the connections they already have and continue operating at a high frequency . Gadiel Morantes is the president at Early Growth Financial Services , which addresses the lack of on - demand financial support available to startups . With more than 15 years of experience in sales , marketing , and operations , Mo ...
The importance of diversity , particularly in startup ecosystems , is undeniable at this point . Not only does this kind of inclusion breed success in the long run , it also makes way for innovative ideas , different perspectives , and unique opportunities for founders , employees , and communities alike . Plus , the numbers just do n't lie when it comes to making diversity a priority in your ecosystem . " We have to quickly move from thinking that diversity is a charity case , and that the best person to do the job and minority groups are mutually exclusive , " said Felecia Hatcher , cofounder of Blacktech Week to Tech . Co . " No , it 's damn good business ! " While hiring minority employees is a step in the right direction , supporting minority entrepreneurs is the true indicator of progress on the diversity front . Despite a general lack of commitment to this progress in the tech world , steps are being made to improve , like the fact that black women are the fastest growing group of entrepreneurs in the world . So , where are these minority entrepreneurs coming from ? According to research from Expert Market , there are ten cities fostering diversity in the form of supporting minority entrepreneurs . With Houston leading the pack , these cities have many minority owned firms , a dearth of economic opportunities for minorities , low startup costs , high startup density , impressive opportunity share for new entrepreneurs , and a high rate of new entrepreneurs . As you take a look at the list below , there are a few notable takeaways . First off , apparently Texas is the place to be for minority entrepreneurs , as three cities from the Lone Star State are in the top ten . It 's also worth noting that , despite the high cost of starting up ( which is what landed it at number two ) , Miami boasts better numbers than any of them when it comes to supporting diversity . If you 're interested in learning more about where and how minority entrepreneurs are being supported , take a look at the infographic below and make a commitment to diversity in your ecosystem . It 's important . Read more about diversity here on Tech . Co SP
SP Technology has been transforming the educational world for the past few years . Every year , new edtech companies bring innovative products to the table -- from online certification platforms to websites that offer interactive learning apps . We ' ve seen a lot of well - established eLearning websites that do their part in nurturing the next generation . But this did n't stop innovators from introducing features that set the tone for the future of the edtech industry . Here are four of the most promising edtech startups that could become the key players : Working out of their dorm rooms as college freshman , Studypool founders Richard Werbe and Jimmy Zhong ironically skipped weeks of classes to reinvent how students learn through a concept called " Microtutoring " CEO Richard Werbe explains , " Microtutoring breaks down conventional tutoring into smaller , more digestible pieces of learning . By eliminating the barrier of set - time tutoring sessions , students can master subjects more efficiently on a time interval tailored to their needs . SP Typical sessions last one to 10 minutes but can take up to several hours depending on the student . " SP Werbe emphasizes that learning is all about mastery , and Studypool 's mission is to make mastering a particular subject matter easier for students . He continues , " Think about when you were stuck on that tricky algebra question in high school and you called your smart friend for help . That was microtutoring ! Studypool is doing that times ten million . It 's like having thousands of friends that are professional tutors that can help 24/7 , on demand . By using today 's online technology , Studypool has created the infrastructure needed to support Microtutoring . " Studypool 's aggressive approach has made a splash on the Internet since its launch in 2014 as students discovered the appeal of Microtutoring . One early customer Daniel Zhang gave the website a glowing review : " I got help with a kinematic physics equation lying in bed in my dorm room at two in the morning ! " SP Within a month of its launch , Studypool had thousands of users . Today the company has raised $ 2.3 million in seed funding , has helped over a million students , and offers services from over 40,000 verified tutors . Werbe reports that the platform is growing faster than ever and is seeing significant revenues . Other than reading books and gaining experience , accepting feedback is one of the best ways to learn . True , evaluating a student 's performance and providing assessments are normally for teachers . But with Peergrade , students can evaluate and grade each other 's work through peer assessment sessions . Launched in 2015 by co - founders David Kofoed Wind , Malthe Jorgensen , and Simon Lind , Peergrade 's original goal was to help teachers keep up with a growing number of students while still providing the close attention and fair evaluation they deserve . " Continuous budget limitations for educational institutions force teachers to teach larger classes and consequently cut back on the number of written assignments or grade more homework , " says David . " Letting students partake in the process of evaluating and giving feedback enables them to learn from the work of others . " The platform works by allowing teachers to create online assignments and specify the criteria for evaluation . As students hand in their work , it goes through other students for peer - assessment first . Once all feedback is given , the teacher can get a full overview of the session . Last year , Peergrade received a total of $ 300,000 in seed funding . It is now being used in major universities across Denmark and neighboring countries . Interested organizations can also use their service for free through their website . It 's no secret that a lot of students find history as one of the most boring subjects . Perhaps it 's due to the heavy reliance on thick textbooks and bland teaching methods available in the school system . Time Machine Tours -- an iOS app founded by Kyle Hudson in 2015 -- is set to forever change the way history is learned . Utilizing GPS technology , users can tell the exact location of photographers when they took historical photos . " History lessons are presented to them in big blocks of text and their eyes glaze over . Time Machine Tours lets kids access and experience history in a way they ' ve never been able to before , " says Hudson . The app offers tours that utilize augmented reality , with which users can hold their phones over the actual locations . This creates the illusion that makes users feel as if they 're staring into the past . Like it or not , it is a much more engaging way to learn history than reading in a classroom or library . Currently , Time Machine Tours is only available in selection locations -- namely New York , Chicago , Philadelphia , and Washington DC . New content is being added monthly with new locations , but for now , there 's no announcement of a major expansion or funding . ClassTag is a different kind of startup that focuses not on the students , but on the parent - teacher relationship . Everyone should be aware that it is both the parent and teacher 's job to foster learning minds . That 's why schools hold parent - teacher conferences that allow collaboration and create a better learning environment for students -- at home and in the classroom . Founded by Vlada Lotkina in 2015 , a Wharton MBA and former Fortune 500 executive , ClassTag 's main objective is to provide a classroom community . This utilizes the collective effort of teachers and parents in tending to the needs of the students . With the platform , teachers can organize events , schedule conferences , and launch newsletter campaigns to maintain open communication . " ClassTag 's mission is to help teachers engage parents in the classroom by handling the busy work , " says Lotkina . " Our service is carefully crafted to simplify logistics and communications issues in classrooms . " Currently , ClassTag is being used by leading private and public schools . According to Lotkina , the platform borrows from corporations the concept of getting employees involved in programs that match their interests , particularly in charity and volunteering events . Since parents highly value their children 's education , they are guaranteed to participate in opportunities provided by platforms like ClassTag . Ellie Martin is Co - founder of Startup Change Group . As author and writer , her works have been featured on Entrepreneur , Yahoo ! , Wisebread and AOL , among others . She currently splits her time between her home office in New York and Isr ...
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360 0(t ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Article originally published May 19 , 2016 How do you know when to put all of your weight behind a successful product ? In 2013 , MIT alums Shireen Yates and Scott Sundvor launched a company called 6SensorLabs with the goal of making going out to eat easier and safer for their fellow food allergy sufferers . Three years later , the startup just raised $ 9.2 million in a Series A financing round and announced that it is changing its name from 6SensorLabs to Nima , the name of its first product . Nima is a portable sensor that tests whether food contains gluten within minutes . " We feel like Nima is much more known to our consumers and for our potential customers . It 's more of our outward facing name , " Yates , the company 's co - founder and CEO , told Entrepreneur . " We wanted to streamline our efforts and really strengthen the brand by merging the two , our corporate identity with our first product . Nima means fair and equitable [ in Persian ] . It really stands for everything that we 're doing in regards to food transparency , giving everyone a chance of enjoying their meal and having that peace of mind . " Now available for purchase on the company 's website , Nima starter kits , which include the sensor , three one - time - use test capsules , a charging cable and carrying case , are priced at $ 279 . Yates and her team are also currently developing tests for peanuts , tree nuts and milk . Nima also makes an accompanying iOS app that shares results with other users , searches for gluten - friendly restaurants and provides scores of restaurants based on reviews from diners . SP To date the company has raised $ 14 million from investors such as SK Ventures , Lemnos Labs and Nest founder Matt Rogers . SP Yates says that while technology can be compelling , it can only take a company so far . " I recently went back to our original pitch deck . In order to develop something that 's new to the world , that 's a brand new product category , it takes a lot of time and it takes a lot of rigor . You have to make sure you 're making the right product for the consumer . [ With technology ] , you have to really understand if it 's what people want . " Nima is one of many companies that have changed names to better align with customer name recognition . Canada 's Research in Motion rebranded as BlackBerry in 2013 to reflect its well - known mobile devices , while Apple Computer simply SP became Apple in 2007 . And back in 1958 , Japanese electronics manufacturer Totsuko changed its named to Sony after the success of its first product , a megaphone . Nina Zipkin is a staff writer at Entrepreneur.com . She frequently covers media , tech , startups , culture and workplace trends .
City life needs to be revamped . At least , that 's the vision Eli founder Marcus Li has in mind . It 's the driving force behind the car startup 's new model , the Eli Zero , which debuts this week at the 2017 Consumer Electric Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas . Li compares the startup 's goals to the elevator , which revolutionized city life by making skyscrapers actually livable . Here 's how the company puts it : " Marcus experienced a surprising revelation . He considered that one of the biggest disruptions in the history of architecture was the invention of the elevator . By simplifying and empowering vertical movement , the elevator enabled the development of skyscrapers . Popularization of the elevator led to the transformation of major metropolitan areas like Manhattan , Chicago and London -- areas that would have remained relatively flat and expansive were it not for elevators . " Now Eli wants to do for horizontal city life what the elevator did for vertical city life . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Cars are still designed after industrial - age values : They 're for travelling long distances at 70 miles per hour . Cities , however , have opposite needs . The Eli Zero is designed to fit the compact spaces available in cities while efficiently travelling the short distances that a city offers . If you 're in a densely populated area , you 'll love it . They 'll fit into the smaller category of a two - tier transportation future : " We envision a future in which low speed and high speed exist on two separate layers . Low speed is central , personal and for most daily engagements with cities , via a free flowing network of small vehicles . High speed systems are for public use to travel longer distances , powered by autonomous car - sharing services . " The specs : Zero 's total weight adds up to a svelte 770 lbs , with a capacity to hold 500 more . It 's a two - seater , and comparison vehicles include the Smart Fortwo and the Renault Twizy . While the Zero officially launches tomorrow , Eli offered Tech . Co a handful of first - look photos , featured here . Tech . Co 's on - the - ground Las Vegas reporting offers you gadget reviews and startup scoops all week , so stay tuned at our CES tag . It 's like you 're there , too ! Sort of . Not really . Hey , you 're getting the best parts . SP
The world has never been more connected than it is right now . With modern technology , countries all over the world are , quite literally , at our fingertips . Why then does it seem so hard to spread the word about something as simple as , for example , the company picnic on Saturday , the new HR policy changes , or that big new client the sales team has been courting for months ? Good office communication flow flow boils down to what I call , the " four Ps " -- portions , packaging , placement and point - in - time . In other words , you ' ve got to pass the message at the right time , in the right place , and in nicely packaged , digestible bites . A year ago , my mobile app and web development studio , STRV , had fewer than 50 employees all working out of the same office , and our weekly company - wide meeting was the most effective way to distribute news . Today , we are a team of nearly 150 , working out of five offices , in two countries , and in three different time zones . Understandably , my employees do n't want to wait for a company - wide meeting to get the latest updates on the projects we ' ve landed or the new startups we 're working with . They want the information immediately -- in nicely packaged , digestible bites , and I do n't blame them . Here 's what each of the four P 's can look like in your own business : You ca n't dump a ton of information on people at once . That 's not how office communication works . SP Odds are they 're not going to read it all , let alone digest what they ' ve read . So , first things first , figure out what your employees want to know . Then , dole out that information in bite - sized chunks . It goes without saying that people will be more inclined to at least skim a memo , email , or flyer if the subject matter interests them . One area that most interests my employees , for example , is the projects we 're working on . We have a database with all this information , which is accessible to everyone at the company , but , really , who 's going to take the time to look through that ? Instead , we pick two projects each week to feature around the office with relevant , bullet - pointed information on each . The technique has proven very effective at keeping employees informed , but not overwhelmed . Information needs to be easily digested . Your employees are busy people , so forget about long paragraphs . Instead , make your message structured , short and to - the - point . Big pictures are attention - grabbers , as are colorful , eye - catching fonts and big headlines . In fact , visual elements can often drive home a message better than a bunch of text . It 's as simple as that , so get on it now . Put some serious thought into where you will place company information . Bulletin boards may seem like a good choice , but they 're often in overlooked locations . Emails , on the other hand , can easily be ignored . As I mentioned earlier , company - wide meetings are good platforms for big announcements , but may have a tendency to run long and be overwrought with needless information that employees generally tune out . If you want your team to actually absorb the information you 're giving them , then feature news in places where it might actually get read . We tape company announcements , including project information , around the kitchen , giving employees a chance to multitask while waiting for their morning cup of coffee . Another prominent reading location : the bathroom stalls ( no joke -- I took a survey ) . We will soon also be equipping our offices with multiple closed - circuit TV monitors that will continuously broadcast text - based company alerts about upcoming events . Timing , as they say , is everything . And the best time of day to deliver important messages to your team is in the morning , when they 're feeling fresh and ready to start the day . From my experience , time and place are very interconnected when it comes to effective information distribution . Big announcements made at the end of a work day are likely to go in one ear and out the other . But if every person is individually greeted as they walk into the office each morning with the most important information of the day , many business executives agree that retention automatically goes up . At STRV , we 're working on a system that will immediately ping each employee as they arrive at their desks with announcements about meetings , events and other useful information , which should improve office communication quite a bit . I strongly believe that it 's a CEO 's responsibility to adapt to the ways their team works . It should not be the other way around . Find out how your employees best process information , and make sure they get whatever they need to do their jobs effectively . Read more about office communication here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Silicon Valley is working on ways to change the way that we drive , eat , live , and now thanks to a new type of school , the way our children learn . The school is called AltSchool , and it 's the brainchild of a former Google executive , Max Ventilla . The school merges traditional education with the type of high - tech learning that you would expect from Silicon Valley . AltSchool has even funded itself like a startup , raising $ 170 million from investors like Mark Zuckerberg and Peter Thiel 's Founders Fund . Following is a transcript of the video : I ' m Max Ventilla , I ' m the founder and CEO of AltSchool . I had been at Google and left to start a company called Aardvark that they acquired in early 2010 . And at the same time my daughter was 2 years old and we were in the thick of thinking about preschool . My daughter is such a different person than I am and the world that she 's going to grow up in is so different than the world that I grew up in . That future is going to demand of her this ability to kind of constantly make her own path instead of , you know following a roadmap that 's given to her . And her education needs to prepare her for that . It is really hard to run a bad school , let alone a great school . And so to kind of manage that complexity , to manage that challenge , traditional schools have to simplify and they do that through making a number of assumptions . Like , the future is largely similar to the past or 10 year olds are pretty much the same . None of those assumptions turn out to be true . You know in AltSchool if you look at " What are the objectives that 10-year - olds are pursuing , " the vast majority of them are not 10-year - old objectives . There are things that an 11-year - old , or 12-year - old , or 13-year - old would be expected to work on and in other areas maybe they 're behind and you know they 're working at a 9-year - old or a 8-year - old level in some domain . Personalizing education is pretty easy to do on a screen . The problem is now kids are on a screen which is in many ways the last thing that you want . So the challenge for us is , how do you personalize education off of a screen ? A pillar of AltSchool and any school is assessment and assessment needs to be accurate , it needs to be actual , and it needs to be non - invasive . And that 's hard . How do you get a signal about what kids are learning and what they know and what they do n't know ? You know , not just once a week but once a day , once an hour , once a minute . And again that 's where technology can come in . You can allow kids to kind of naturally learn in an emergent way and you can give tools to teachers so that they can document in real time . We believe a generation from now , the best education can be the one that the most kids get , rather than the fewest kids get . That education will be intensely personal , it will be intensely offline , but it will tie back to a digital representation of what 's happening . So you 'll be able to use technology to be much more flexible , to be much more coordinated , to be much more rigorous , and allow an experience that , you know , in many ways looks totally un - technical . If you believe that to really be part of a solution , for you know , a very different education in the future versus now , you need to bring technology and great traditional education together . Kids are different . Even two 10 year old twins are different and we need to be able to meet each child where they are in terms of , not only how has their academic and non - academic learning progressed to that point but what interests them what motivates them what frustrates them and we are nowhere near the level of personalization that we aim to be . Follow Tech Insider : On Facebook
Josh Edelson / Getty ImagesFood - replacement startup Soylent had a wild 2016 . In a bid to go mainstream , the company launched new products like " Coffiest , " its coffee - flavored version , and the " Soylent Bar , " its first solid - food product . But it also had to deal with the fallout from some of its products making consumers violently ill . Soylent ended up temporarily halting some sales . But 2017 appears to be off to a good start , as Soylent just snagged a $ 50 million Series B financing round led by GV ( formerly Google Ventures ) . That brings its total funding to $ 74.5 million . More than the money , however , the new funding affirms that Soylent 's big backers still believe in the company 's vision of the future . Soylent founder Rob Rhinehart , more than perhaps any other founder in the tech world , lives the dream he preaches with Soylent . Before formally launching the food - replacement product , he used his own body to experiment with the recipe . He tinkered with different doses and types of nutrients , sometimes hurting himself in the process . Rhinehart truly believes in hacking food to make something affordable , easy , and sustainable . And he has a very distinct vision of the future of food . We previously put together 31 quotes from Rhinehart that show his view of the world and the future . If you are on his side , they are inspiring and logical . If you are not , they may sound wacky .
Picking apples may seem like a fun weekend activity , but it 's actually backbreaking manual labor . Abundant Robotics wants to help agricultural growers shoulder this task and today announced funding of $ 10 million , led by GV , to commercialize its apple - picking robot . Apple growers generate about $ 50 billion in revenue globally , yet the apple picking process hasn't undergone any significant change in the last 100 years , says Abundant Robotic 's cofounder and CEO , Dan Steere . " Today , agricultural workers pick apples wearing a bag with shoulder straps that can weigh between 45 to 60 pounds , " he told VentureBeat in an interview . " And the labor pool of folks that are willing to do this work is shrinking . " Enter the apple - picking robot . The initial idea sprang out of SRI International , which provided research funding alongside the Washington Tree Fruit Research Commission . Abundant Robotics spun out of SRI in 2016 to begin working on the final prototype . The robot uses computer vision to recognize ripe apples and a vacuum system to pick them -- its arms can reach the top of a tree . " Modern apple orchards use dwarf trees , which are supported by trellis structures that range from 10 to 14 feet tall , " said Steere . Agriculture workers will manage the robot remotely to pick the apples . Steer claims that although there is a lot of research interest in agricultural automation , Abundant Robotics is currently the only startup tackling this issue on a commercial level . Israel - based FFRobotics , however , is also working on a patented robotic fruit harvester . Broader agricultural automation includes Bosch 's weed - killing robot . New investors BayWa AG and Tellus Partners joined GV in today 's round . Existing investors Yamaha Motor Company , KPCB Edge , and Comet Labs also participated . Abundant Robotics will use the new capital to commercialize the technology and is targeting next year for the release . Steere would not disclose the price at this point . The startup targets the U.S. market and plans on applying the technology to other fruit - picking industries in the future . Based in Hayward , California , Abundant Robotics currently has eight employees .
" Fintech is n't about tech at all . It 's about data . " These words were spoken by Johan Bosini at the recent Techstars-4-A - Day event , which was held at the Rise hub in Cape Town . Bosini is no stranger to the startup scene and is currently involved with VC firm Quona Capital , as well as Switch2 Cover and Taking a Break . He 's most well known for his role in fintech startup Jumo as the managing director of digital financial services . Before digging into his eight points , Bosini gave a small anecdote about Jumo in its infancy ( which initially started out as another company called AFB ) . " Jumo was an ' accident ' , " he said ( having pivoted from its original concept ) and went on to mention that the company ( AFB ) lost US$ 29-million during its initial days due to ' arrogance ' in not understanding a new market . Since then , Jumo has grown into a massive fintech company , that has even attracted top employees from Magento and Barclays Africa . The company launched credit cards in Nairobi without any insurance against them , with the initiative eventually failing . " The fraud was remarkable . You could buy a national ID for R20 . " They approached a potential partner , who apparently threw the credit card back at them across the table , unimpressed by the idea . He was asked where customers would keep the card if they did n't have wallets . Instead , he wanted a mobile wallet due to the increase in cellphone penetration . It took two weeks for Jumo to build the initial proof of concept and from there the company truly came into itself . Bosini then went on to talk about the rules for building a startup , which are : The last bit of interesting information from Bosini was due to a question from the audience . When asked why Bosini has been running so many companies , he replied : " I liked to build things and not maintain things . " " I 'll never leave a job after one year . I 'll leave after two , " he added . He says he re - evaluates his position and happiness after a year and nine months and evaluates life in two - year chunks . Update : clarification
Everywhere you turn , software seems to be the answer . You 're probably already using software for your marketing , accounting and management . But have you yet considered the need for human resources software in your small business ? In fact , it 's much more than a luxury . Businesses that use HR software would likely call it a necessity . In its simplest form , HR software means specific platforms that combine different systems and processes to ensure a business ' employees are readily accessible when needed and data is properly stored . All HR software , of course , is different , and each business has unique needs and applications . But systems typically include payroll management , benefits administration , attendance recordkeeping and time stamps , or some combination of those functions . HR automation is n't new , but we are finally at a point where it 's cost effective and feasible for small businesses to utilize . You can trace automation all the way back to the late 1970s when big corporations started using ERP systems to overcome the manual limitations they faced with the use of mainframe computers . In 1987 , the first totally HR - centered platform was released by Oracle ( which still offers premium HR tools today ) . Since then , dozens of systems have been launched and improved upon . There was a lot of innovation in this space in particular in the late 1990s and early 2000s , but it was only recently that HR software finally became cost effective ( thanks to the cloud infrastructure ) . If you ' ve been manually handling HR operations in the past , you may wonder about the benefits of paying for a software system . But take a closer look : Are you familiar with the cost of employee turnover ? Chances are , you ' ve drastically underestimated what it really costs your company to replace an employee . According to research from different studies , a company will spend anywhere from 16 percent to 213 percent of its average employee 's annual salaries to hire someone new . Replacing even someone in a low - paying job is likely to amount to 16 percent of his or her salary . So , for an hourly employee making $ 10 an hour , you 're talking about roughly $ 3,328 when all is said and done . That number scales to 20 percent for a mid - range position ( $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 ) and then balloons to a whopping 213 percent for executive positions . ( Need to replace a CEO earning $ 100,000 ? That will cost you roughly $ 213,000 . ) What does all of this have to do with HR software ? Well , a good HR platform helps reduce turnover by ensuring employees ' needs are taken care of . Furthermore , it makes the process of finding the right candidates simpler . As a result , there 's less likelihood of hiring someone who 's wrong for the position -- which further drives up costs . Time is the one thing your HR staff ca n't get more of . Thus , it 's imperative that you help them create systems that maximize time . If your HR team is constantly inputting data by hand , making phone calls and manually vetting candidates for openings , they wo n't have time for things that matter more -- like handling legal issues and enforcing company policies . An HR software platform is n't a perfect solution , but it certainly helps businesses save time and better allocate manual resources to areas that really matter to a company 's health . With the amount of data that comes through an HR department these days , it 's virtually impossible for any person -- or group of people -- to process everything . This means valuable information is constantly being overlooked or misplaced . The beauty of working with HR software is that you do n't have to rely on your own human limitations . Data is synthesized and analyzed in powerful ways that allow you to obtain more accurate insights and make strategic decisions . " Many business people believe that purchasing a top - quality HR software package will bankrupt their entire marketing budget . This is simply not true , " business consultant Malcolm Rowlings said . " Some of the best HR packages have financing programs and monthly memberships that can work with even the smallest startup budget . " Some would even argue that you ca n't afford not to use HR software . The amount of money you 're losing in terms of lost man - hours and mistakes does n't even begin to compare to the up - front cost of HR software . It 's an easy call to make . If you 're in the market for HR software , you have plenty of choices . In order to narrow down your options , you need to know what you 're looking for : 1 . Cloud platform . There are plenty of desktop and on - premises HR software applications available today . Many of them are useful and , surprisingly , pack a pretty powerful punch . However , be wary of going with a desktop software in a business world that 's being shaped around the cloud . Cloud software platforms are so much more valuable these days . Take People HR software , one of the leaders in this niche , as an example . Whereas a desktop solution requires the user to actually be in the office and log on to a particular computer in order to access the platform , a tool like People lets employees access information regardless of whether they 're in the office or using their smartphone in an airport . That 's the power of the cloud . 2 . Self - Service Features . The more you 're able to offload responsibilities from your HR team , the more useful they can be . In other words , if your HR team does n't have to worry about constantly emailing the same answers to employees who repeatedly ask about sick days and pay stubs , they can focus on big - picture tasks that really matter . This is where self - service features come into play . A self - service HR software platform - such as the one Paylocity offers - puts the power in the hands of employees by developing a centralized portal that employees , managers and HR can all access . It lets employees request days off or review payroll details , while HR can monitor what 's happening and get notifications when approval is required . 3 . Scalability . The third thing you need to be cognizant of is scalability . If you 're like most companies , you 're anything but stagnant . You 're most likely growing , and the last thing you want is to invest in an HR system , learn how to use it and then have to replace it because your team outgrew it . Good HR software is scalable in the sense that you only pay for what you need . And when you need more access , you simply upgrade without interruption . Most of today 's leading cloud systems -- such as People -- are scalable , but make sure you evaluate this in the vetting process . HR software finally makes sense for small businesses . It 's equal parts functional and cost - effective , which means there are very few negatives to investing in this technology . Anna Johansson is a freelance writer who specializes in social media and business development .
Centralway Numbrs , the Swiss - made banking app that is launched in Germany , has picked up a prominent new backer . The Investment Corporation of Dubai ( ICD ) -- the Dubai government 's sovereign wealth fund -- has taken a " significant " stake in the company , although the exact investment amount is undisclosed . What we do know is that Numbrs , which originally came out of Swiss company builder Centralway , has previously disclosed around $ 70 million in funding . Today I ' m told that total funding raised by the three year - old startup sits at $ 125 million , leaving a difference of approximately $ 55 million , which I understand covers ICD 's investment and follow - on funding from existing investors . The majority shareholder in Centralway Numbrs is Saidler & Co. , the family office of Martin Saidler . Headquartered in Zurich , Numbrs was one of the first mobile banking aggregator apps and lets you track and manage your spending across multiple bank accounts from a single mobile app . You can also compare and purchase various financial products . It claims 1.5 million bank accounts have been plugged into the Numbrs app in Germany , but declined to say how many active users this amounts to . Centralway Numbrs has long - promised a U.K. launch , and re - iterated its British plans in a piece published in February last year by the FT . In today 's funding announcement , the startup , which employs over 130 people , repeated that promise , pegging a U.K. launch to " early 2017 " .
TechCrunch is getting ready to celebrate some of the most compelling startups and innovations of 2016 at the 10th Annual Crunchies Awards . Will you be joining us ? The Crunchies are just one short week away , and if you want to party in style for the cheapest possible price at the event best described as the Oscars of Tech , the time to act is now . Today is the last day to save 10 percent on Crunchies tickets , so it 's probably a good idea to stop whatever you 're doing and get your tickets now . You can get your Crunchies tickets here . The Crunchies will take place Monday , February 6 at the beautiful San Francisco War Memorial Opera House . The doors will open at 7 pm , with the main event kicking off at 8 . After the awards have been handed out , the Opera House will serve as a festive playground for this year 's after party so you can party with the finalists and your favorite TechCrunch writers and editors well into the evening . We ' ve selected five finalists in each of 11 categories ranging from Hot New Startup to the Founder of the Year to the Best Startup Video . We ' ve selected some of the top names in the startup community -- folks like Yahoo 's Marissa Meyer , Atom Factory 's Troy Carter and Roelof Botha of Sequoia Capital -- to present the awards to the winners . And , we 're stoked that genius comedian , Brooklyn Nine - Nine star and TechCrunch writer Jordan Crook 's spirit animal Chelsea Peretti is coming back once more to host the Crunchies . Last year , Chelsea made us laugh as she ripped startups like Uber for its butt - shaped logo , and she made us think as she skewered the lack of diversity in the tech industry . We ca n't wait to see what she has in store for us this year for the 10th anniversary of the Crunchies Awards , and we hope to see you all there . But first , you have to grab a ticket , which you 'll want to do today before the prices increase tomorrow . Tickets run $ 115 for the Dress Circle and $ 150 for the Orchestra ; you can grab your tickets here .
For anyone who 's watched the Oscar - nominated film Zero Dark Thirty , or in fact just about any clip of police on the news recently , you 'll know that nearly every event is now captured on body cameras . While traditionally this video is recorded to a small device , the market has of late seen a move towards live streaming , allowing for quicker response times in both local and national operations . Innovating with data technology in this space is international startup Elsight , which recently made the move to Perth ahead of listing on the Australian Stock Exchange ( ASX ) . Focused on defence and security , the startup has developed the ' Multichannel ' , a portable communications system which is able to send and receive encrypted data from any point in the world . Within the defence industry , which the device was initially developed for , the Multichannel allows personnel to send data , such as a video stream , from remote areas using a interchangeable combination of connection and security methods . Elsight was founded back in 2009 by Nir Gabay and Roee Kashi who , having worked within the Israeli intelligence and military ranks , sought to develop a technology that would grant special forces in the field a fast and secure way to send a receive files . Previously used exclusively across Israel and held back from international distribution , the end of last year saw the startup admitted the rights to sell the Multichannel globally - however Elsight tuned down the level of encryption for international clients . Simply put , the security level would now sit at a " five out of ten " , said Elsight 's Perth - based director , Nathan Barbarich . " [ However ] , at the same time we separated the encryption technology from the main software , meaning that if we were to sell the box to , say , the CIA in the US , they could add their own encryption software on the top of it to bring it back to a high level , " added Barbarich . Following the release , Elsight 's now looking to apply its secure technology to the commercial sector globally , and offer local police forces and businesses an effective way to transfer secure data while on the go . " Commercial uses will be things such as body cameras on police , so if a suspect is running down somewhere and [ the broadcast signal ] loses connection , what we 're able to do is ensure that connection and actually stream the entire thing while recording it , " explained Barbarich . If you 're visualising this as a group of people sitting in a darkened room in a police station watching 60-plus video streaming screens , according to Barbarich , you 're spot on , considering the Multichannel comes with software used to decrypt or encrypt data as well as facilitate live streaming . If an operator then focuses in a particular video screen , the software will then increase the bandwidth , or streaming capacity , of that particularly Multichannel device , so it can transmit at the highest possible quality . As for the physical device itself , Barbarich described it as a " small box , the size of a router " , similar to the one you receive from your internet provider , equipped with short antennas on the side . Inside the device are four SIM card slots , which fit a SIM similar to the one you would find in your average smartphone , with each used to power the signal connection . Barbarich explained that current remote communication technology , such as that of Elsight 's commercial competitor LiveU - which is mostly used by television networks to broadcast their cameras from outside locations - use a signal SIM card to broadcast connections . " [ The Multichannel 's ] very useful if you 're in a poor connection area , since rather than using one SIM card to send a file , you can multiply that by at least four . So if you have 1 megabyte ( MB ) upload , you can times that by four to become 4 MB upload , " explained Barbarich . ADSL , WAN and Wifi are also inbuilt into the Multichannel , meaning it can also connect with the typical ethernet cable you would find attached to most computers , or through a Wifi network . On top of that , and sitting as one of the more expensive options , the device is also able to send data through satellite . With these connection methods in mind , Barbarich explained the Multichannel 's algorithm will calculate which network to connect to , based on strength and availability . This means that if the device moves to a remote area with no Wifi or global system for mobile communications ( GSM ) such as 3 G or 4 G , it can connect to a satellite , then switch back when it detects a GSM network . Other features to ensure stability include the ability for the device to reduce the file size based on the quality of the connection - think Netflix reducing the quality of a video from HD to 480p if your internet 's performing slowly . Multichannel boxes can also connect together in a " line " to power a stronger connection . " It 's [ also ] clever enough to know that if it has one Telstra sim , one Optus sim and one Vodaphone sim , in which case it 'll use the connection that 's strongest , and also the cheapest in that area , then change between them , " said Barbarich . To ensure security , data is sent in four individually encrypted and randomly sized " jigsaw puzzle " pieces , which are then distributed separately between the different available networks . " That way if someone manages to catch part of the data on its way , they have nothing . You do n't have three quarters of the file , you have three quarters of nothing , " said Barbarich . Elsight is planning to raise $ 6.5 million to complete a reverse takeover on the ASX . Once this is done , funding will go towards expanding the startup 's marketing and sales resources , building international partnerships , and undertaking research to build out the Multichannel technology .
Shortly after the Brexit vote in the UK , France took over the position as the world 's fifth largest economy . The " Grande Nation " has a very vital startup ecosystem and with Paris one of the leading startup hubs in Europe . Given that France itself represents quite a big market , many French startups still tend to build products and services for their home market first ( or only ) instead of building international companies right from the start . Nevertheless , France already " produced " quite a significant number of tech success stories . Companies like BlaBlaCar , Criteo , Deezer and Dailymotion were all created in France . In the beginning of this year we took a close look at the French startup scene with the goal to provide you with a list of 10 promising startups to watch in 2017 . All of the startups we 're listing below were founded within the last two years and each one of them is -at least in our view- heading towards a successful future . talent.io aims to provide the simplest way for software engineers to find great jobs in innovative companies . Over 10,000 developers and 1000 companies ( including Deezer , Blablacar , Parrot , Zalando and N26 ) have already signed up on the platform and hundred of offers are made every week to software engineers looking for their next dream job . talent.io was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Paris . The young company also operates in Lyon , London , and Berlin . talent.io secured a substantial amount of seed funding from well known investors like Alven Capital , Elaia Partners and Ventech . BEEKAST is an application that allows you to interact live with a presentation . The goal of the Paris - based startup is to provide the best solution to make your original presentations moments of exchange and collaboration . There is no need to download it ahead of time . BEEKAST allows you to instantly access a feed of comments and contributions such as polls , quizzes , and surveys created by the speaker or event organizer for audience participants to respond and interact during the presentation . All of the contributions can easily be projected by the speaker on his or her smartphone . Founded in 2015 , BEEKAST already was able to raise more than $ 3 million in venture capital . Agricool is building a sustainable food system by growing local , tasty and pesticide - free fruits and vegetables for everyone . To achieve this goal , the Paris - based startup created a paradise for fruits and vegetables in recycled shipping containers . That means the best lighting , temperature , irrigation , and air quality . In just 35 m2 Agricool can produce the same amount of food as 4000 m2 of traditional farmland . Founded in 2015 , the startup does this with no pesticides , no transportation , and 100% renewable energy . Agricool so far secured about $ 4.3 million in funding . Recast . AI is a collaborative natural language platform for developers . The Paris - based startup aims to teach machines how to understand humans . With Recast . AI you can build your own conversational bot . With more than 5,000 developers using the platform who have created more than 8,000 bots in less than 10 months , Recast . AI capitalizes on this technological and user experience expertise by assisting businesses wishing to implement new interfaces powered by conversation . Founded in September 2015 , Recast . AI was already able raise about EUR2 millions in seed funding . Invivox is a worldwide medical platform connecting medical experts and doctors for in situ ( inside the OR ) trainings in 1 to 1 ( or in small group ) , for all medical specialties . By setting up these practical trainings between doctors all over the world Invivox contributes the ultimate benefit of the patients . The Pessac - based startup aims to recreate the " companionship " between doctors . Founded in 2015 , Invivox so far secured about EUR1.2 million in venture capital . Sqreen is an automated and real - time security solution for web and app developers . The startup provides protection against most common vulnerabilities , such as SQL injections , cross - site scripting or code injection . Founded in 2015 an headquartered near Paris , Sqreen is a SaaS protection service that installs in 30 seconds without source code modification or traffic redirection . So far , the promising startup secured roughly $ 2.3 million in seed funding . PayFit : By using the software - as - a - service solution of the Paris - based startup PayFit , paying employees has never been easier . PayFit allows SMEs to easily manage the pay and leave of their employees . No specific knowledge in payroll is required . All the employer needs to do is answer a few simple questions and the pay sheets are generated automatically . Founded in 2015 , PayFit closed a Series A funding round of EUR5 million in October of 2016 . Right now , PayFit is only available in French , but the company plans to launch in 3 - 4 European countries in the coming months . Qonto : The Paris - based FinTech startup provides an online banking service that allows entrepreneurs , startups and SMEs to create an account in less than 5 minutes . With Qonto you can instantly receive an IBAN and get started to manage your company 's physical and digital business cards and perform your day to day operations . Founded in 2016 , Qonto will enter into beta phase in March and become available to a broader audience by the a few weeks later . In the beginning of this year , Qonto raised $ 1.7 million in seed funding from Alven Capital , well known business angels , as well as from Valar Ventures , the venture capital fund backed by Peter Thiel . Heek is a conversational website builder which helps individuals create their website by chatting over text and answering questions . The platform has a conversational interface where chat bots asks questions about the users , the type of business they have , and their sites . Heek is easy - to - use and also offers a variety of templates where users can choose for their websites . The Paris - based startup was officially founded in 2016 and secured about EUR700 K in seed funding . Exotec Solutions is a promising French robotics startup , which recently launched an order preparation system powered by a fleet of collaborative mobile robots . The startup 's centralized intelligence system coordinates both mobile robots and humans perfectly . The Paris - and Lille - based startup was founded in 2015 and by the end of 2016 it raised EUR3.3 million from 360 Capital Partners , Breega Capital and several other investors . By the way : If you 're a corporate or investor looking for exciting startups in a specific market for a potential investment or acquisition , check out our Startup Sourcing Service !
The CuePath team is developing the startup at Techstars Seattle . ( From left : Engineer Yagnik Vadher , Co - founder Ivan Spogreev , Co - founder Victor Lesau , Product Marketing Manager Jeff Nider , and Engineer Walt Sacuta . CuePath Photo ) SP After witnessing his grandmother 's trying health scares caused by mismanaging her pills , Victor Lesau decided to put his engineering background to work . He and his friend Ivan Spogreev were kicking around business ideas , as they often do , when they landed on CuePath Innovation . They envisioned a system that would help seniors and their caregivers stay on top of their medication using an internet - connected pill box and a mobile app . " We decided that this was where we wanted to keep the momentum going -- we built prototypes , found strategic investors and brought in core team members with a similar passion to help the aging population live a more comfortable life with the help of technology , " Lesau said . They launched the Vancouver , B.C .- based startup in 2015 and have been validating the product through interviews with potential customers . CuePath is currently working through the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator and plans to roll out pilot products in the U.S. in Seattle and the surrounding region this year . We caught up with Lesau for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " CuePath Innovation is a medication reminder and monitoring service connected with a popular medication blister pack . " Inspiration hit us when : " My grandmother had unexpected doctor and emergency room visits due to pill mismanagement several times a year . With multiple chronic conditions and more than 10 unique pills per day , it was difficult for her to get it right . She even used popular disposable multi - drug blister packs pre - filled by a pharmacist to keep the medications organized , but still landed in the doctor 's office . This affected the quality of her life and our family 's . The same risk falls on over 35 million North American seniors who suffer from two or more chronic conditions . While thinking about this problem , we were inspired to create CuePath Innovation . " VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " We decided to bootstrap through our first pilots , then raised an angel round with a strategic partner . We want to take CuePath Innovation to the national market and then global expansion , so we have a plan for further VC - backed financing later . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " Existing solutions tend to have ' too much tech ' and learning for a senior . We remove these barriers by utilizing packaging that people are already familiar with , while seamlessly integrating into a pharmacy 's workflow . " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " It 's been important for us to spend the right amount of time to find a strategic investor . We did n't want to rush . We also want to be thoughtful about how we hire . Bringing in core team members that are experts in our field while being a great addition to the culture we 're building is at the top of our priority list . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " Relying on one vendor and their timeline for delivering key pieces of our projects has been tedious at times . We learned quickly to have multiple avenues of choice available for vendor management and contingencies . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " We appreciate Bezos ' evergreen approach and the way he puts profits back into developing new initiatives . We would have loved learning from his WOW customer success experience . " Our favorite team - building activity is : " We have a lot of interests , but a great meal is often enough to bring us together for a good discussion . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " Thoughtful problem solvers that are self - aware of their strengths and opportunities . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " Find the problem you are passionate about and really pissed off with . Find and inspire a good friend to solve it with you . Bring in additional people to cover the expertise gaps , and go fix it together . " Editor 's note : GeekWire is featuring each of the companies in the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator as they prepare for their Demo Day April 19 .
Sir Hossein Yassaie , chairman of tech industry group TechWorks and former CEO of Imagination Technologies . TechWorks Sir Hossein Yassaie , the former chief executive of Imagination Technologies , has said he " does n't like " Softbank 's acquisition of British chipmaker ARM . Japan 's Softbank bought ARM for PS24 billion last year , the biggest British tech acquisition to date . UK Prime Minister Theresa May has used the acquisition as an example of how the UK can be successful after it leaves the EU . But leading tech figures , like Yassaie , do n't agree . " I ' m one of those people that really does n't like the idea of ARM being acquired by a foreign investor , " he said . " I do n't mind saying it . I know you can paint a positive picture [ of ] inward investment , that 's great , but we need big UK tech companies which are here for the long term and make a big impact . That 's a problem and we need to recognise it . " Yassaie was speaking at the relaunch of NMI , a non - profit organisation for the semiconductor industry . NMI has become TechWorks , and expanded to include " deep tech " like artificial intelligence and the internet of things . The group will lobby government , and try to encourage UK talent to stay in the UK and build businesses . Yassaie is currently the group 's chairman . Speaking to Business Insider , Yassaie said of the ARM acquisition : " As a British entrepreneur , I would prefer firmly based UK companies competing on the global stage , securing business that makes a difference to the country . " SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son . REUTERS / Kim Kyung - Hoon He added : " If I had to defend the case ... it 's not bad to have overseas investment in the UK that 's fine , I do n't think that 's something we want to have as normal . " ARM 's founder , Hermann Hauser , made similar comments after the sale . Both he and ARM 's CEO , Simon Segars , sit on TechWorks ' board . Yassaie has been out of the public eye since stepping down as CEO of Imagination Technologies , ARM 's biggest competitor in the UK . He was one of the longest serving British tech CEOs , but resigned last February , when the company said it would make a loss for the year . Yassaie was integral to Imagination Technologies ' deal with Apple , with the company providing graphics and video IP to the iPhone maker . Imagination is in trouble after Apple ditched that partnership , and the company sold two core business units to stay afloat . " I love Imagination Technologies , " Yassaie said , adding about his departure : " It was quite clear the company , or some of the shareholders , wanted a different direction . I ' m still a shareholder , and I believe there 's a lot of technology in Imagination . It has a lot of built - in punch , and I 'll wait to see what happens . " Since his departure , he 's a become a board member and advisor to Bristol - based Ultrahaptics , and Australia - based Atomos , a customer of Imagination Technologies . He 's particularly focused on making sure UK tech talent stays in the UK . Ultrahaptics CEO Steve Cliffee and CTO Tom Carter During his TechWorks presentation , he showed Oxford University figures demonstrating that just 11% of UK tech PhD graduates stay in the UK , while 40% move abroad to work for US tech firms . " We create this talent , and lose it to the US , " he said . " We haven't been able to create a Google or Apple yet , but we certainly have the underlying capability to achieve that . Deep tech is at the centre of that . " Yassaie is n't the first tech figure to speak out since the ARM acquisition . Ken Mulvany , CEO of artificial intelligence firm BenevolentAI , has said British startups sell too early . He told Business Insider in February : There 's a real opportunity to build a business in this country , and there 's an opportunity for the country to lead this sector , and all the pieces are in place . We ' ve got incredible scientists , incredible mathematicians , we 're able to draw all these people into London . "
Swym CEO Arvind Krishnan . ( Swym Photo ) SP It 's not an easy time to be in the e - commerce business . Tech titans , like Amazon and Walmart , are able to devote far more resources to their digital products than smaller companies have at their disposal . That 's where Swym comes in . The Seattle startup has a platform that allows online retailers to provide features similar to Amazon 's shopping history or Expedia 's " Scratchpad " tool . Using Swym , retailers can track shoppers behavior across multiple devices , allowing them to follow - up with customers the next time they visit the website . If for example , a shopper adds an item to her cart while browsing on mobile , the retailer can remind her next time she visits the site on her laptop . Swym 's technology works even if the shopper hasn't logged into an account . Watch the video below for an overview of how the product works . SP " Consumer shopping journeys are becoming increasingly multi - device , and their expectations for what makes for a good shopping experience are constantly evolving , " said Swym CEO Arvind Krishnan . " It 's becoming clear that brands that do n't put digital convenience at the forefront will not stand much of a chance in the new landscape . " Swym is a product of the TiE Silicon Valley incubator . The startup is a current member of the Techstars Seattle 2017 class . We caught up with Krishnan for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " Smartphones are changing the way we shop in very fundamental ways . Swym helps e - commerce brands engage better with their mobile shoppers by accurately mapping a shopper 's journey across devices , and using that context to deliver a truly personalized experience for them . " Inspiration hit us when : " We were frustrated by the mobile shopping experience offered by most retailers - it seemed pretty ordinary and hardly personal . Meanwhile , services like Netflix , Spotify , and Flipboard were delivering a ' wow ' experience by making it all about the user , and what the user cares about . When we first encountered the Expedia Scratchpad , we thought all e - commerce sites should have that assistance capability and our vision started to come together for how we bridge those two worlds of e - commerce and personalized assistance . " VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " It 's been an interesting journey -- we were incubated at TiE Launchpad in Silicon Valley , raised some angel money subsequently , and are now part of Techstars Seattle . After a few failed experiments around the right path to scale , we ' ve seen some incredible growth in the last eight months and are very excited about the road ahead . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " Being able to map the shopper journey across devices and leveraging that to deliver a personalized experience for them . " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " While the opportunity we are going after is broad and complex , it was important to focus initially on a specific segment and prove out our hypothesis . We made a bold call a few months ago to focus solely on the Shopify platform as our first stop , and that has worked out really well for us . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " Trying to build a self - serve offering initially for a market segment that was n't quite ready for self - serve . A few initial false positives sent us down the wrong path early on , but thankfully we course corrected before it was too late . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " With a fair bit of Microsoft DNA in the team , there is always an inherent Gates bias , but we also feel his influence is already a part of who we are . And given our vertical and the focus on the customer experience , we 'd hugely value having Jeff in our corner . Amazon 's been absolutely amazing at demonstrating how relentless customer focus can be a massively successful strategy , and we definitely look to them for inspiration in more ways than one . " Our favorite team - building activity is : " We love our weekend ' hackathons ' - every couple of months , we vote on a fun feature / module we want to build together , camp out at some remote , exotic location to build it , and do n't get out until we are done . It 'll be more challenging to keep this going as the team grows , but it 's done wonders for team chemistry . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " Three things actually - passion for making a big impact , a relentless focus on getting things done , and a strong culture fit with the team . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " You are going to hear " no , " a lot . Do n't let that faze you - you are on this path for a reason . Back yourself 100 percent , keep making forward progress , and the tide will eventually turn in your favor . Editor 's note : GeekWire is featuring each of the companies in the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator as they prepare for their Demo Day April 19 . SP
Having killer programming tools at your disposal makes all the difference when it comes to running a software startup . They allow you to spend less time working on mundane programming tasks and more time wowing your new customers . It also gives you a chance to try your hand at that whole work life balance thing , which is apparently quite important . As a self - confessed workaholic , I wo n't comment on the work life balance part . But I 'd be happy to share a few of the helpful programming tools that I ' ve used along the way as a full - time entrepreneur . GitHub is one of the best programming tools for collaboration between development teams . As changes are made , you can choose whether or not to have the code updated across your platform based on your desire to tweak and test every component of your web platform . Everything is always up - to - date in the cloud , giving your entire team visibility on what 's being developed across the office , or around the world . And , when things go wrong , it 's almost effortless to go back in time and reset your code . The easiest way to keep track of time spent on each aspect of your project , across your entire team , is a web - based and mobile app - based tracker called Toggl . It 's simple interface betrays how powerful it is as a tool for creating accurate invoices and measuring productivity . Each user has their own account where they can log time spent , with detailed descriptions . The time can be assigned to a project , which makes invoicing a lot easier at the end of every week . Project planning is complex for software developers . There are so many moving parts , with specialized programming tools based on different coding languages and platforms . JIRA brings everything together into one place . Where basecamp is incredibly powerful for startup organizations , JIRA focuses every aspect of their suite on dev infrastructure and communication . Boards make sharing code and insights easy . For overseeing software dev from a distance , accept no substitute . Arguably the best test case management tools are offered by QASymphony . Creating the code that makes technology roar to life is one thing , but testing that code is something else completely . For managers , working with teams of specialized devs , rolling out tests to the end - user is just one more thing on their list of daily time eaters . By utilizing qTest Manager , companies are able to ensure test case schedules are maintained , without following up with each team member individually . The color - coded dashboard allows management to spot - check project status with a glance . And , if they need more detail on which area of the test is falling behind , they can drill down to get further details . Trello is like having all your index cards with random ideas organized into a single place that 's accessible from anywhere . The interface is so simple , it 's almost idiot proof . You can use it to supplement other project management software as well . As inspiration strikes , or a random insight is gained on a conference call , you can whip open Trello and make a note . As the project unfolds , Trello 's drag and drop / open interface allows for additional notes and observations to be added . Team members can check - in on what 's going in with notes that relate to their projects , and quickly add their own thoughts for your consideration the next time you open the app . SP
Scott Eisen / AP Images for Gillette . Gillette is facing stiff competition . Now , in an effort to win back customers , it 's taking a page straight out of its competitors ' playbooks . After slashing prices across the board and launching a marketing campaign called " Welcome Back , " Gillette has now introduced a new way to buy blades directly from the company . Called Gillette On Demand , the service mimics the direct - to - consumer models of competitors like Harry 's and Dollar Shave Club . It allows customers to either buy blades as needed or build a custom subscription . Three of Gillette 's products are offered as part of the service , acting as three separate tiers : disposable Sensor 3 razors ( $ 11 for eight razors ) , the tri - bladed Mach3 turbo ( $ 13 for five refills ) , and the top - of - the - line Gillette Fusion Proshield ( $ 21.45 for four refills ) . Subscribers are rewarded for their loyalty with their fourth order free , while others can text or email the company at any time to order for a one - time purchase . Gillette is increasingly feeling the threat from startups like Harry 's and the now Unilever - owned Dollar Shave Club , which are eating away at its dominance in the global men 's - razor business . Gillette claimed a US market share of 70% as recently as 2010 , but it fell to 54% in 2016 , according to the Wall Street Journal , which cited data - tracking firm Euromonitor . Harry 's and Dollar Shave Club now combine for a 12.2% market share , up from 7.2% in 2015 , according to Euromonitor .
The idea of sailing out in the open seas may bring to mind relaxation and plenty of wine on a state - of - the - art cruise liner - unless you do n't handle motion well , in which case you might envision a terrible time . For many yacht owners , however , sailing represents a chance for competitiveness and intricate teamwork , where they can pitt their boats against another for a coveted prize . Through yacht clubs and groups , the community of sailing - lovers is a tightknit one , and one that Sydney startup MySail is looking to bring to a centralised online space . Through two online platforms , the business helps racing yacht owners manage their crew , from the point of hiring to all the organisational facets of scheduling . An online connection platform , MySail 's " crew finder " wants to eliminate the bundle of traditional legwork that goes into sourcing crew members , typically involving whiteboard callouts and paper - list signups in yacht clubs . Meanwhile , the startup 's management platform looks to simplify the email and spreadsheeting involved with organising a race event and crew members through a cloud - based management system . MySail founder Deborah Dalziel , part of the sailing community herself , began developing the platforms late last year , after first imagining the solutions nearly a year back . " I then started looking at market size by doing some research and talking to local yacht clubs around Sydney , to really determine if the problem was big enough to build a solution around . We started developing in November and finished the beta of the crew finder by the end of the month , " said Dalziel . Bootstrapping most of the development process herself , Dalziel quickly recognised that continuing to fund the startup herself would n't be sustainable . While a paid subscription service is planned for MySail 's future , the startup is currently offered access to both platforms free of charge and ad revenue . Searching for options , the entrepreneur secured an MVP grant from the government as well as support from BlueChilli . With financial backing , the startup 's management platform soft - launched into market last month , while the crew finder has continued to operate in beta within two yacht clubs in Sydney . " We ' ve been focusing in Sydney for the time being because I ' m based there , " Dalziel said . " That said , [ the platforms ] will be available Australia - wide because they 're Australia - wide problems . These issues yacht owners face spans internationally too ; I ' ve spoken to people from many different areas like Canada , where I ' m from , as well as Southeast Asia and the United States . " With international expansion set as the long - term goal , Dalziel said the startup will first look to merge both its platforms together into one centralised space under the MySail banner , which will enable the integrated solution to offer the complete end - to - end process . " There 's no one that does the end - to - end of finding a new crew then getting it sorted . There are other systems that do bits and pieces , but nothing together , " she said . " We 'll help crew managers get organised earlier and actually find new crew members really quickly if someone drops out . You 'll also be able to view which crew are available so you can sort out who to assign to an event , all on the same platform . " Currently , a yacht owner looking to find new crew , can search through the connection platform for candidates , narrowing their search by location and soon , according to Dalziel , by search categories too . A crew member 's profile will contain all the details a manager looks for in their search , including sailing experience , yacht racing knowledge , location , prefered race length and crew position , yacht size , and availability . Recommendations can also be left underneath a user profiles to bolster their reputation by contacting the MySail team . " Each profile also displays basic information of age , location , and an image preview when searching , so users do n't have to waste too much of their time clicking on someone who does n't have enough experience , " Dalziel added . When someone 's contacted to join a crew , they 'll receive an email . The process is similar to how the management platform operates , where crew leaders are able to " add " members to a team and assign them positions for an event by sending them an email invite . Events themselves are scheduled and outlined on the management platform , where a crew manager can also sort through a team member 's qualifications and availability to determine who to assign to an event . Since testing the crew finding platform in two of Sydney 's yacht clubs , Dalziel said the startup has accumulated roughly 400 users , a number set to grow as the business rolls out its offerings to the wider yacht racing community . " I have a really big vision about where this can go . There 's quite a big market in terms of management and servicing , so we 'll look to add new features to support that , " she said . " It 's quite a tight network of people , so I want to get a lot of people sharing it and get people in through the yacht club 's , popular sailing websites and social media . In the next month these two platforms will be combined . "
MetaBrite is raising more cash to bolster its receipt - scanning and business intelligence technology . The Seattle startup just reeled in an additional $ 3 million from existing investors and Acorn Ventures . Total funding to date is now $ 16 million . Docusign co - founder Court Lorenzini heads up MetaBrite as CEO . He originally raised nearly $ 5 million for CookBrite , which was the name of his company that built a one - stop mobile meal - planning solution , acting as a digital shopping list and recipe book . But in November 2015 , the startup changed its name to MetaBrite , expanding its focus toward a business intelligence platform . Now the company is committing 100-percent to the new platform and will shut down the existing CookBrite app later this month . MetaBrite has developed machine learning technology that can scan receipts and automatically extract precise item - level details from any retailer . It licenses its receipt processing SDK into multiple consumer - facing apps . " Our application partners cover a wide variety of consumer use cases including brand loyalty and reward programs , lifestyle apps , and mobile consumer research to name a few , " Lorenzini told GeekWire . There are now 30 people working for MetaBrite , up from 18 this time last year . Sam Lucente , who co - founded the company with Lorenzini , is no longer part of the executive team but still sits on the board . The startup also recently hired two new execs : Former Amazon manager Leigh Allen - Arredondo as director of design , and former Blackberry exec Mark Meuleman as vice president of business development . Other MetaBrite executives include Roy Penn , a former engineer with the Israeli Defense Forces ; and Christine McKee , a former RealNetworks and Expedia executive . Other employees have experience at places like Kraft , McDonalds , IBM , and Nielsen .
Small businesses usually start from a personal dream combined with a great idea . That 's great , but the reality is the stakes are very high -- the success of a startup actually depends on its clients . They are the ones bringing in the money and paying the monthly costs and taxes . So first of all , we must define the ideal customers and therefore , set the bars for the target audience . Let 's keep it simple in here -- ideal clients must : Now , let 's move on to the main subject and see how to attract these impressive customers . Mediocrity is not the solution for success . You must be ready to work even harder than you did before and commit time and energy in one single direction -- improving the services offered . Check out the competition and see what it is that you can do better . Let 's take airlines , for example . They all do the same thing : They get you from one place to another . Now the question is , in what conditions ? People are willing to pay extra for aspects like plane 's design , seats ' size , type of food and drinks served , attendant 's attitude , and so on . Be an A class airline ! Do n't beg for clients to buy your services ! Big companies wo n't ever collaborate with entrepreneurs who do n't have self respect and a fair dose of vanity . Instead , make them find you everywhere they go and make them believe they really need your expertise . Write down a presentation letter using physiological tricks : create a need , present the change you would bring , showcase benefits and advantages and end with a call to action . Then , increase exposure by posting guest articles on related websites , for free . Hosts will be thrilled to go online with great content without having to invest anything . Of course , use social media on daily basis to keep customers engaged . A good first impression does it all . Build a neat , elegant and professional image by paying attention to details like : Do n't get drowned in your own needs , they do n't matter when chasing the ideal customers . In order to be successful , understand the client 's needs . There is no such thing as a standard recipe for success , so you need to customize your services for each company served . Then , have no excuses for failing ! The client 's failure is your failure . Understand this responsibility and work WITH the customers , not only FOR the customers . Be a team all the way and help each other achieve the set goals . What can be more precious than time ? Show your customers that you are interested in their success and not only in their money . Do this by offering your time ! Stay in meetings as long as necessary , just till the client is sure you understood his needs and he is sure you are the right solution . Do n't rely on managers ' reports only , but stay in and observe the company 's daily activity . An uninvolved person will always see things differently . In the end , do n't refrain from asking for higher rates for the services offered . Actually , it is proved that people believe expensive things are better than cheap ones . Change is difficult for everybody . So make sure you are there 24/7 in order to ease the transition . Offer 24-hour email support , additional phone assistance , regular feedback on implementation , training sessions and regularly progress evaluation . Big customers want to believe they have it all and they do n't need to buy anything else . So selling your services to them wo n't work . However , everyone is vulnerable to new ideas . Show rich people a new thing and they would want to have it immediately ! Following this theory , educate the target audience in the right direction by attending to presentations , conferences and webinars . Best way to sell something - do n't sell anything . Earn the awareness , respect , & trust of those who might buy . -- Rand Fishkin ( @randfish ) February 4 , 2015 Think outside the box : Be able to see your vision and to believe in it ; capable of moving mountains just to fulfill an idea ; willing to go the extra mile for succeeding . These employees have a fair dose of the right kind of craziness and they will do so much more for you than the ones possessing only the academic skills .
This year delivered a whole host of body blows to the UK 's thriving startup sector . There has been an investor slowdown , few notable IPOs , increased market volatility and shining lights sold abroad . Then there was the biggest punch of them all , the Brexit vote to leave the European Union and all of the issues this brings up for a sector reliant on foreign talent . So what can the UK tech startup scene expect in 2017 ? It will no doubt be a year of further turmoil , and startups will need to be prepared for the worst , but there are also green shoots of hope for smart founders and investors who are focusing on the right areas . Here are Techworld 's predictions for startups in 2017 ... Like it or not machine learning and artificial intelligence ( AI ) will be the defining technology of 2017 . Even if your startup is n't specialising in developing general artificial intelligence or machine learning algorithms capable of detecting fake news , elements of these technologies are finding their way into growing numbers of startup pitches as investors expect at least some level of baked in AI from any technology company worth its salt . SP TechCrunch Disrupt 's startup battlefield often gives a good snapshot of the startup landscape , and in London last month four of the six finalists ( InsideDNA , LiftIgniter , Oxehealth and the winner Seenit ) mentioned machine learning as part of their pitch . This will be the most talked about technology in 2017 and the key will be working out who is doing it right and who is peddling it as just marketing . This year saw some of the leading lights in the tech industry predict a shift in consumer habits , including Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella famously saying " bots are the new apps " . The theory goes that as chatbots and AI assistants like Microsoft Cortana and Amazon Alexa mature , people will start to use bots instead of mobile apps to get stuff done . As Frank Lansink , European CEO of business automation specialists IPSoft puts it , 2017 will be the year the chatbot dies , as they evolve towards being smart assistants that can understand conversational cues rather than being preloaded with set responses to prompts . He said : " The chatbot may have been novel in the past , but in 2017 it will become a stagnant piece of technology that will either fade into mundanity , or improve so much that it can no longer be classified as a ' bot ' and will instead resemble an AI . " SP Anna Boffetta , an associate at London - based VC firm Balderton Capital , predicts that 2017 will be the year of new interfaces . She told Techworld : " New interfaces - such a voice , audio and messaging - will become far more mainstream . Today , the vast majority of human - computer interaction is still done on screen . The new interfaces will become a part of everyday life for all users , not just early adopters . This is a result of the vast amount of data that is now being collected , structured and analysed by machines - the results of which are being delivered via conversational interfaces . " Jeffrey Ng , chief scientist at the startup accelerator Founders Factory sees the same thing . He told Techworld : " AI assistants are going to become cleverer with natural language advances and customer intent engines ( an engine that can determine the customer 's immediate circumstances and intent ) . " For startups this creates an opportunity to develop more personalised apps , chatbots , Alexa skills or even fully fledged virtual assistants . This move towards machine learning and away from simple app - based user experiences means 2017 should see the best startups trend towards ' deep tech ' . As Entrepreneur First 's ( EF ) Alice Bentinck wrote for Techworld in 2015 : " This means startups that are producing defensible technology that can usually be patented . They do n't use off the shelf tech solutions and the value of the company is often built on their technological developments . " At the moment this means anything from new approaches to artificial intelligence , such as deep learning and computer vision , or new approaches to virtual reality or cyber security . " While EF has been at the forefront of this approach for a while , 2017 could be the year that deep tech goes mainstream , particularly as investors look to focus on startups with strong intellectual property and smart founding teams . Which leads neatly on to ... Brexit may pose a threat to talent fleeing to fellow EU hubs like Paris and Berlin , but it ca n't remove the science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) talent coming out of top UK universities . SP Research data by the Higher Education Funding Council for England shows that UK universities increasingly draw income from intellectual property ( IP ) , rising by 18.5 percent year on year and pulling in PS155 million during 2014 - 15 . The findings show that UK universities are becoming savvier than ever when it comes to licensing IP , with income from licensing deals alone rising 25 percent YoY to a total of PS103 million . This compares to the PS53 million made in shares from the sale of spinoff companies over the same time period . The key though will be keeping this talent in the country after they graduate . The second half of 2016 has seen a lot of hand wringing from the startup sector over what impact the UK 's decision to leave the European Union will have . SP In 2017 we will find out , and contingency plans will need to be put in place . Last month we saw that access to talent remains the biggest fear for founders . Founders and investors are keen to see the government put forward clear plans for retaining talent in the UK if there are any changes to the freedom of movement following Brexit , keep tax rates low for entrepreneurs and continue investing in the tech sector as a whole . London has positioned itself as a medtech hub for a few years now , with good government funding and hubs based around academic centres like Oxford and Cambridge . This year saw some impressive UK biotech and genomics startups take their product out of the realm of academia , and the major pharmaceutical firms are even starting to shout about their own genomic research and technological advancements . SP Boffetta from Balderton Capital predicts that 2017 will see more funding into agri - tech and health - tech businesses . As software continues to eat into health - tech and agri - tech , these sectors , that were previously outside of the scope of VCs like us , will start to look very interesting for investors . Predictive analytics and automation will optimise aspects like diagnosis and treatment in healthcare . " The days of startups spending on extravagant offices and parties may come to an end in 2017 as we heed cautionary tales like the downfall of UK tech unicorn Powa . This could be the year we see startups focus on being lean and profitable rather than the traditional Silicon Valley model of growing fast and worrying about monetising later . Azzam Sheikh 's blog post on the subject for the Huffington Post reads : " The newer breed of businesses and business owners are focusing on staying lean and efficient ; this is a shift in the right direction . " After letting go of 10 percent of his startup 's workforce earlier this year , Damien Kimmelman , founder of London based Fintech - startup DueDil told Techworld : " It 's never a nice thing to have to do but I want to build a business that can weather anything and part of that is having to really focus on things that are core to that mission and not things that are auxiliary . " If you are too lean you can hire more " he said . " But if you do n't pre - empt then you do n't have many options in the future and it is my fiduciary responsibility to make hard decisions like this to focus on being a strong businesses . " Similarly , Robert Tregaskes , who cofounded startup Shnergle told Techworld : " In your personal life you can waste money going out to dinner or to parties and burn through cash quickly . Now imagine not just personal expenditure but running a company paying salaries , paying for services , paying for lawyers and so on . " You can start burning through some serious cash extremely fast . It does n't matter how rich you are , you can burn all of it if you 're not careful . Even if you 're minted I 'd take a very cost conscious approach . Because if you do n't you are either reckless or you 're an arsehole , " he says . Beyond fintech , RegTech is poised to be the hot area for the lucrative financial services market . As the payments and fintech bubbles have deflated somewhat the next area appears to be the unglamorous but highly important regulation technology ( RegTech ) sector . SP In short , RegTech startups tend to focus on helping financial institutions contend with growing regulatory requirements after the 2008 financial crash , including automation of compliance tasks , mitigating operational risks and improving risk assessment through smarter use of data and more intuitive software . This requires intensive data work on the back end but opens up a lucrative market that is always looking for an edge over its competition . Virtual and augmented reality have been much hyped technologies for some time now , and even as 2016 brought good progress from big companies like the launch of commercial VR headsets from Facebook 's Oculus to Microsoft 's HoloLens , there has not been a huge deal of progress from VR / AR startups . SP This could lead to simplistic predictions of a 2017 boom in VR / AR , but the recent revelations from The Information ( summarised here ) about much - hyped mixed reality startup MagicLeap shows that while it is easy to make snazzy promo - films , making the technology affordable , compact and powerful is no mean feat .
Today , FCC Chairman Ajit Pai released the broad strokes of his plan to abandon consumer protections to the benefit of large corporate players in the telecommunications industry . While major telecom companies are looking forward to Pai 's FCC makeover , the same ca n't be said for everyone else in tech . After Pai 's announcement , a group of more than 800 names in tech sent Pai a business - minded denouncement of his plans to strip away the rules that shape net neutrality . For tech companies that are n't telecom behemoths , the crux of the argument is this : " ... the success of America 's startup ecosystem depends on more than improved broadband speeds . We also depend on an open Internet -- including enforceable net neutrality rules that ensure big cable companies ca n't discriminate against people like us . We 're deeply concerned with your intention to undo the existing legal framework . Without net neutrality , the incumbents who provide access to the Internet would be able to pick winners or losers in the market . They could impede traffic from our services in order to favor their own services or established competitors . Or they could impose new tolls on us , inhibiting consumer choice . Those actions directly impede an entrepreneur 's ability to " start a business , immediately reach a worldwide customer base , and disrupt an entire industry . " Our companies should be able to compete with incumbents on the quality of our products and services , not our capacity to pay tolls to Internet access providers . " The letter , spearheaded by Y Combinator , Techstars and Engine represents a massive swath of tech 's net neutrality supporters , from investors and incubators to startups and code schools . The full letter is embedded below .
Selling content online has become a massive industry in the last several years , as online courses rake in well over $ 100 billion annually . As the internet continues to mature , the industry 's reach and profitability swells as well . Considering the massive potential that online courses and other digital learning modalities bring to individuals and brands , many are looking to cash in and create courses of their own . There are many online courses that pull in six to seven figures per month on a variety of topics . And once they have been generated income , courses can be repurposed many times over to create additional revenue . The biggest problems brands face is that they feel unqualified to teach or their email lists are too small . Both of these obstacles are surmountable with a little time and effort . Let 's dispel a couple of myths first . If you are good at something , you can teach a program . It 's that simple . In addition , online courses are actually an effective way to grow email lists . They work together , and you do n't need a massive list to get started . Now let 's cover how startups , companies , and individuals can craft a digital learning course that engages , sells , and delivers results . For many , this is the most challenging aspect to creating an online course . In many instances , however , this is merely a case of overthinking . In order to get to the bottom of what people want to learn and what daily challenges they struggle to overcome , just ask them . This can be approached from various directions . You can pull inspiration from the comments on your blog or engage online discussion forums . You can post queries on social media , or even go right for it and create and publish surveys . Just make sure you are framing them in a way that makes people want to engage . In all honesty , surveys are likely your best option . " Do regular surveys with your audience to figure out what is the most talked about areas in terms of problems they are having and then build content around these areas , " said Ian Cleary , CEO of RazorSocial . " You can even use the words they use in the copy for your sales / promotional material ! " Once you have harvested insights from your audience , you 'll be able to better decide what your next steps are . After all , you need to know your students before you can create the curriculum . When creating an online course , it is vital to remember that people are seeking information to handle certain situations . Your course is designed to be a shortcut or revolutionary path to getting to a particular outcome . Keep this in mind as you brainstorm and test solutions . In this phase , anything goes . Explore as many ideas as you can possibly conjure , even ones that seem crazy or outlandish . That 's where breakthroughs occur . The more concepts that you can craft , the better off you will be in creating an ideal solution to people 's concerns . Now that the problem and solution have been established , it is time to begin putting the resolution process on paper and create the course content . An easy way to begin plotting out a course is by documenting each step in the process in chronological order . Once noted , begin fleshing out each step into its own lesson or module . As for the type of content you choose to leverage , most online learning courses use a variety of formats . These include videos , slides , and downloadable text documents . Fortunately , in the era of mobile technology , video content has become extremely inexpensive to create while high quality is easy to attain . With your core content created , it 's time to start segmenting the pieces . This may be a bit painful , but it 's necessary as providing people with too much information leads to lower retention rates . You want your course to appear comprehensive but manageable . " Make sure you structure the course so that you are creating digestible learning modules where people not only feel that have fully understood what you ' ve explained , but have the confidence to take action on what they have learnt , " said Valarie Khoo , founder and CEO of the Australian Writer 's Centre . If your course is too dense , people will become easily confused and overwhelmed by the information . This causes some to feel unable to act and no closer to solving their issue . The easiest way to approach the editing process is by dividing the information into " need to know " and " nice to know " categories . Anything that lands in the latter column can be cut for the sake of the student . Once the online course is complete , choose whether or not to sell your course via a dedicated website . You can begin researching pricing strategies and advertising options discover a bundle of different distribution options . The easiest solution is often leveraging a platform like Kajabi , which offers a very innovative one - stop shopping toolset for selling courses online . While it does take some time to document and create the materials , the long term benefits of online courses is well often worth the investment . If you ' ve got the knowledge to help solve a pain point then an online course can catapult you both into happier spaces .
Twitter cofounder Biz Stone . After almost six years away , Biz Stone is rejoining Twitter , the social network he cofounded -- news that sent Twitter 's stock popping up by almost 2.5% at the time of writing . Stone disclosed the news in a blog post on Medium . " My top focus will be to guide the company culture , that energy , that feeling , " Stone wrote in his post . " I ' m not replacing anyone at Twitter . Somebody mentioned I ' m just filling the ' Biz shaped hole ' I left . " You might even say the job description includes being Biz Stone . " Stone will retain his role at Pinterest as an adviser to chief product officer Evan Sharp , a Pinterest representative told Business Insider . Stone departed Twitter in June 2011 , a move that left the company without any of its original founders , which also included Evan Williams and Jack Dorsey , on board . His exit followed a tumultuous period of infighting among the trio and Dorsey 's ouster as CEO . Fast forward to 2017 : Dorsey has been back in Twitter 's CEO seat for two years . Stone recently sold the human - powered search engine Jelly , his latest startup , to Pinterest for an undisclosed sum . And now , with Stone having mended fences with Dorsey , he wrote that he 's ready to return to the company he cofounded . Stone rejoins Twitter at a critical moment for the company . While its service has found itself at the center of global politics , its new - user growth has stalled , leaving Wall Street lukewarm on its stock . Still , a recent earnings report painted a rosy picture for the future of the company , even as it moves toward live video to bolster its growth .
Ventureburn recently attended the third annual eCommerce MoneyAfrica Confex in Cape Town , featuring a range of notable speakers . Ventureburn editor Graham van der Made chaired the morning session , as well as a panel on the potential for ecommerce in the South African and larger African markets . The morning session covered Uber and Airbnb 's global success , and various digital strategies that companies could incorporate to keep up with their customers . Luke McKend , country director for Google SA , was the first speaker , covering the importance of mobile in e - commerce . " I ' m doing all these different things with my phone , there are all these apps ... If you think about how you transact with financial services , of the top ten sites in SA , four are banks . That just speaks to how comfortable South Africans have become with using their phones and being online . " The growing mobile adoption is especially important for startups and aspiring entrepreneurs as its opens the doors for new opportunities . James McCormick , principal analyst at Forrester , was also a panellist at the event , and explained how insight strategies such as digital intelligence could greatly help SMEs and corporates . " [ Digital intelligence ] is nothing more than trying to understand our customers as they engage with us and then using that understanding to make better decisions to generate better experiences and to continually optimise on that . " And to me , that 's part of the secret of the likes of Uber , Airbnb , Google and a number of ... startups or what we call ' insights - driven businesses ' . " When all the panellists had their say , the morning session closed with a panel discussion around the status of e - commerce in SA and what could be done when the disruption comes . Keep an eye out on Ventureburn in the coming days for our article on the panel discussion .
SA 's Afri - Fi has been announced as the runner - up in the Mozilla Equal Rating Innovation Challenge and walks away with USD$75 000 in funding . Afri - Fi is the extension of Project Isizwe which has granted 2.9 million users access to 500 MB of free WiFi daily . " The team has proven how their solution for a free internet is supporting thriving communities in South Africa , " said one of the jury members , Marlon Parker , the Founder of Reconstructed Living Labs , on behalf of the jury in a press release . " Their approach towards community building , partnerships , developing local community entrepreneurs and inclusivity , with a goal of connecting some of the most marginalised communities , are all key factors in why they deserve this recognition and are leading the free internet movement in Southern Africa , " said Parker . The final shortlist consisted of five entries , chosen by a panel of judges which included Mozilla Foundation 's executive chair Mitchell Baker as well as Startup Chile 's executive director Rocio Fonseca , among others . The challenge saw 100 submissions from more than 27 countries . Additionally , it offered rewards to the total value of USD$ 250 000 in funding as well as mentorship to be able to bring these internet solutions to the public . The COO of Project Isizwe , Tim Genders , commented on placing second in the challenge . " Our next steps are to make free WiFi scalable and self - sustaining through an advertising model . We want to make free WiFi the new medium to get messages out to communities . " The former communications technology minister of Nigeria , Omobola Johnson also commented on Project Isizwe 's success . " I was particularly delighted to see strong African representation in the semi - finalists . " " The solutions were contextually innovative and they all emphasised a strong need to collaborate ; big companies , local governments , rural communities , telcos , all working together to implement solutions where each of them come out a winner , " Johnson concluded . Featured image via APO
Success as a startup is measured in a lot of different ways . Some people think a high valuation is the key to turning heads in the business world , while others believe traction is the only real way to make waves as a new company . But if you are n't keeping track of the smaller things , you are n't going to be successful no matter how good your idea is . Thanks to an infographic from Funders and Founders , you 'll be able to keep track of all those smaller things you need in order to be successful . Their infographic details 34 specific metrics that startup founders can use to inform on business decisions , potential partnerships , and marketing strategies in the future . While most entrepreneurs agree that rate of revenue plays a huge role in evaluating your company , this list goes a little deeper to get a full picture of what you 're doing right and , more importantly , what you 're doing wrong . From growth and active users to organic traffic and virality , you need this information to keep you honest when deciding the direction of your company . It 's important to remember that keeping track of these metrics is not the only step in the process . If you 're going to measure these elements of your business , you need to act on them afterwards . Because numbers without action are pretty much useless . " Metrics are for doing , not for staring , " said Stijn Debrouwere , a data scientist and statistician that has worked for The Guardian , Fusion and many others . " Never measure just because you can . Measure to learn . Measure to fix . " If you think you need a more in - depth look at what you 're startup is up to , take a look at the metrics below and start taking the trajectory of your company seriously . Read more about metrics and analytics here on Tech . Co SP
Versive CEO Joe Polverari . ( Versive Photo ) SP Context Relevant -- a well - funded Seattle - area startup founded in 2012 - - has been flying under the radar for the past few years after its founder and CEO stepped down . Now it 's stepping back into the limelight with a new product and a new name . The company announced Thursday that it is changing its name to Versive and also unveiled the Versive Security Engine , an artificial intelligence - powered cybersecurity system designed to protect companies ' enterprise systems from hostile attacks . The tool works by connecting instances of suspicious or malicious activity detected at different points in the network and across time , which Versive says sets it apart from other available cybersecurity services . " Malicious actors already operating inside networks are fast becoming the top machine - scale problem in business and government today , " Versive CEO Joe Polverari said in a statement . " As one of the foremost innovators in artificial intelligence , our team recognizes the unrivaled power of data science , machine learning , and automation to solve these high - stakes cybersecurity challenges . " " Today 's launch is the result of extensive development efforts between our platform team , customers , and top minds in the fields of cyber defense and national security . Any organization can now leverage the power of advanced machine learning to gain an advantage over cyber threats by using the Versive Security Engine , built on true AI innovation and tailored to meet progressive security teams ' demands , " he said . Versive was originally founded as a data science and analytics company focused on the financial market . Its new focus -- and new look -- come two years after the company cut a third of its staff and conducted a deep operational review following the departure of its founder and CEO , Stephen Purpura . Polverari was appointed CEO last spring following an interim period when the company was led by investor and board member Chris Kelley .
Nobody likes getting rejected . Unfortunately , it 's an integral part of the startup life . But for entrepreneurs , it can actually be a learning experience . Rejection , in any setting , is difficult to swallow . Often times it 's this test that can make or break you as an entrepreneur . A business plan rejection , a loan rejection , a partnership rejection - you name it . If you 're in the startup business , you 're sure to face rejection at some point . How you react to that rejection though is the key to making it as a successful entrepreneur . Here are four tips on handling rejection as an entrepreneur : Entrepreneurs often make the mistake of taking rejection personally . We all have feelings , after all . It 's important to note , however , that just because your idea got shot down or your partnership was rejected , it does n't mean it 's a reflection on you . Do n't let rejections get to you . Instead , look at the rejection purely for what it is : a learning experience . Ask yourself , was it a bad business plan ? Was it the wrong partnership terms ? Was it the wrong timing ? Rather than blaming yourself , assess what the real reasons for rejection were . Many of my early rejections would have put me out of business . Thankfully , I did n't let it get to me and I was able to overcome these minor setbacks with even better outcomes . Chalk it up to an overwhelming sense of pride , but entrepreneurs can often sit down in a meeting thinking that everyone else is wrong . While there may be some truth to that , it 's important to learn from every rejection . If your software or product was rejected for a particular reason , take a second look and see if you can make your original idea better . I ' ve made great edits to our services and offerings thanks to rejection . By paying attention to feedback about what people really wanted and what they 're not interested in , we ' ve been able to tailor our solutions to exactly what our customers want . It 's a win - win situation if you ask me . Often the reason you get rejected , especially in business , is because you haven't educated your audience enough . In a world where there are so many " disruptors , " you have to know that the world may not be quite ready for your product or service . Take concerns that are brought up and use them as a means to educate the public or your customers about your idea , business or solution . In my agency , we compile every rejection and use them as a means of educating ourselves . We create a variety of content to address common rejection points and use it to explain to potential prospects why we 're a good partner . If you 're constantly hearing " no " from the same crowd , it 's possible that you 're trying to sell your idea , product , or service to the wrong people . Take a second look at who 's rejecting you and figure out if this is the right audience for your product or service . Chances are you might not be targeting correctly . When I first started my business , I thought my customers would be designers and other creatives . I soon realized that the people who really needed my help were business owners with a lack of resources to create an impactful brand . Rejection is hard for anyone . When you 're running a business and an entire team is dependent on your success , it 's even more stressful . Entrepreneurs carry a heavy load . Rejection should not discourage you , nor should it end your dreams . If you pay attention , you 'll find that you 'll actually succeed in spite of those rejections . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Australian edutech accelerator EduGrowth has launched a pre - accelerator program , a free online course designed to guide edtech startups through the development of their ideas on to launch . Accessible through an online learning platform , the program spans across eight weeks , with each covering a specific topic such as " Tech 101 " , business models , prototyping , edtech branding and marketing , pitching and fundraising , selling to schools . SP The subjects form part of the content available to participants in EduGrowth 's flagship accelerator program , a course designed to teach founders how to imagine , develop and scale their ideas . Commencing mid - April , the free program will be delivered to participants through pre - recorded video segments and live question and answer sessions led by established edtech entrepreneurs , including founder of adaptive learning platform Smart Sparrow , Dr Dror Ben - Naim . Also amongst the lineup of educators is Craig Simon , general manager of global education platform 3P Learning , and EduGrowth CEO Riley Batchelor . Speaking about the launch , Batchelor said that the introduction of a free course for first - time edtech founders marks an important investment in strengthening Australia 's edtech sector . " Equipping entrepreneurs with the right skills at an early stage is critical to their success , particularly when navigating the complexities of the education sector . This course is about attracting new talent to the edtech industry and building the most effective capabilities to drive real innovation in education , " said Batchelor . SP Elaborating on program 's focus on attracting " new talent " , Simon added that the course is open to anyone both inside or outside the education industry , saying , " Whether you 're a seasoned entrepreneur who is new to edtech , or an educator with a burning idea , this course is a great way to prepare for your future in edtech . " The top performing startups from each state will be invited to pitch their idea at the EduGrowth pitch events held in each Australian capital city from mid - June onwards . EduGrowth is the latest in a line of organisations to launch a pre - accelerator program as a method to help develop ideas not quite ready for their full programs . SP Agtech accelerator SproutX , for example , last year launched a pre - accelerator program online to help build agtech startups towards being able to apply for its main program . Guiding new entrepreneurs towards a more traditional accelerator program also formed part of the reasoning behind the development of Indigenous pre - accelerator Barayamal , as the organisation 's founder , Dean Foley , explained after its wrap up late last year . " There 's been scepticism from some people out there ... one of the most successful non - Indigenous startup programs in Queensland pretty much told us we should just run a pre - accelerator because they did n't believe there were enough quality Indigenous startups and entrepreneurs out there to run a full program , " Foley said at the time . The EduGrowth pre - accelerator kicks off on the 19th of April . You can read more about the program here .
startup pitches . Company : Papumba . Headquarters : Buenos Aires , Argentina . Founding Team : Four dashing Argentinians , CEO Gonzalo Rodriguez , CPO Andres Ballone , Co - Founder Pablo Capurro and Co - Founder Santiago Capurro . Why we like it : Everyone cares about education and everyone cares about children . Well there 's really no choice with kids , they will rule over us when we 're in a nursing home . So getting them on the right path is pretty important . SP Papumba develops and publishes education games for mobile devices , designed to help young children to develop cognitively while playing with educational applications . We ca n't deny that in our modern century once a baby is born their fingers are already trained to type on a keyboard and dial a number . So uniting technology with education is a logical combination . SP Currently Papumba has seven different apps , six million downloads and 85,000 kids playing everyday . It 's doing pretty well . It offers games ranging from animal lessons to the alphabet to basic vocabulary to numbers . Each game app uses various techniques of song , dance , colours , voice and other fun strategies to motivate the kid to keep learning in this critical stage of their life . Their most recent educational app , Animal World helps babies and toddlers learn about the exotic animal tribes around the world . Players can explore the sounds and characteristics of more than 80 animals from the jungle , to the ocean to farms and play trivia and match - it - mini games to really test their knowledge . Papumba 's educational games are created using guidance from childhood experts and the most important teachers themselves , the child 's parents . Improvements are made based on comments and feedback Papumba receives to meet the needs of both parent and child . For children , playing should be a full time job and with Papumba they might actually be working harder than you . SP
The best have become the best because they have learned -- and a lot . Although we like to believe that we are learning from books , seminars , webinars and courses , it does seem that , in the end , the best business lessons are the business mistakes we make . Especially in the entrepreneurial world , the things we empirically learn , tend to stick for good . Thing is , it 's highly unlikely that you 'll learn in school about capitalizing your hobby or the perfect moment to exit and sell your business . These lessons are mostly learned from practice , more often than not the hard way . These business mistakes also make the entrepreneurial journey ever so interesting . What 's more , what separates true business leaders and achievers from those who just could n't cut it are in fact the mistakes that they make . SP The business hunch , the gut to continue when you ' ve obviously had a huge fail , and to maintain your confidence in the next steps ... These phases are mission critical when overcoming the down points in your entrepreneurial career . To see whether our thesis sticks , we have talked to 14 entrepreneurs to give us their thoughts on their biggest , but most significant lessons . Behind their failures of yesterday , are now their today 's successes and healthy businesses . Whether it was about poor hiring decisions , bad choice of partners or failing to recognize the power of timing , read away and try to sink as much wisdom as possible . For me , the biggest mistake was starting a business for the wrong reasons . Apart from bad motivations as money , lifestyle , trends , vanity etc . the biggest mistake is to start a venture around an idea that you are not really passionate about . The problem you want to solve , the people you solve it for ( your potential customers ) and the people you co - found with should really mean something to you . And by meaning I mean you should LOVE it . You should be prepared to work on that for the next 10 years . Otherwise , you waste your time and you will most likely burn out . Search for an idea that really means something to you . Andreas Diehl is a digital entrepreneur , consultant , and public speaker . In growing my web agency I was way too quick to hire full - time employees , lease long - term office space , and take on other fixed - cost commitments . That put me in a position where I was constantly just trying to get enough business through the door to pay the bills , rather than having the flexibility and freedom to spend time finding the right clients and the right business model . Matt Inglot is the founder of web agency Tilted Pixel Inc and helps freelancers build their own businesses . When I just started my business , I confused thinking big with acting big . This resulted in me being impatient , expecting the immediate results and progress . Each delay in getting there felt like a failure . After discovering One Thing by Gary Keller , I learned to think big but act small . I focused on one critical thing each day , week , month , or quarter that was strategically connected to the desired outcome . It helped with setting direction and executing on it over time without burning out or getting distracted . Maria Dykstra is the co - founder of the marketing company TreDigital . My biggest business mistake started before I actually started Simply Stated Media . It was back when I was blogging for fun and created a local , lifestyle blog . I worked on it for years , attracting readers and building notoriety . But I did n't realize then that I should have been capitalizing on my audience by funneling them into an email list . If I would have been doing that , over the years I would have been able to build an engaged email list that I could have sold once I started my business . I failed to see the potential in my audience and therefore lost a big opportunity to generate business from the attention I attracted . Do n't make this mistake . Always be list building , even if you haven't started your revenue streams yet . SP Raubi Perilli is the founder of the marketing company Simply Stated Media . My biggest business mistake was not selling my previous SIM unlocking business at its high point . At that point I also started losing interest in it , so instead of exiting and cashing out - a concept I simply was n't aware of at the time - I let it die out . Steven van der Peijl is now CTO of JobRack , a job board website . When heading a startup , you 're starting from scratch and manifesting an abstract idea , often working with a shoestring budget . Putting together the right hive is crucial , but because there is a lot of rolling up of the sleeves and shitty pay , you come from a place of gratitude and give a person more leeway . Many times my gut indicated that a person did n't have the stamina it takes for whatever reason . To work in a startup , you need to be a self - starter with vision and ideally team members need to be aligned with the greater mission . I realize now that it 's not worth compromising your standards even if you have to keep looking . I ' ve wasted my time with a lot of people who turned out to be ' freaks ' and ' flakes . ' I recommend a 30 trial before offering any equity . Maryam Henein is an investigative journalist , founder , and editor - in - chief of HoneyColony . A mistake I ' ve made more than once was allocating too much staff time to getting PR for our self - funded startup 's products . Journalists have sold their souls to investors because they want early investment opportunities , freebies , and perks . If you bootstrap what you 're building , approaching major news portals is futile . They may present themselves as discoverers of tech breakthroughs but what gets their attention is who - other than the founders - have footed the bills . I know now to let press come to us . SP Saul Fleischman is the CEO at a social media toolkit company RiteKit . My number one mistake was made with my second company in thinking that I had to mirror budgets of our big - name competitors . I thought that in order for us to make it through the noise we had to spend top dollar on advertising , just as much or more , than some of our biggest competitors . I soon found out the hard way that it would not work for us . We were constantly in the red and thought we would have to close doors . SP My husband and I decided to make one last - ditch effort to save the company by pulling 90 percent of that ad money . We were thrilled to see that we brought in just as much traffic to CorpNet.com organically via other marketing efforts . We immediately went into the green and became a profitable business . I learned my lesson that as a small business ; you do n't need to try and beat big - name competitors . Instead , make a niche for yourself and stick with that . Nellie Akalp is the CEO of CorpNet.com . My biggest mistake was probably starting a joint venture with another successful entrepreneur , and assuming we 'd be able to succeed with it with a minimum effort . We did make sales , and we did an okay job on the service , but overall it was a failure . In hindsight , we could have promoted it better and could definitely have spent more time working on it successfully . There was a lot of short - term damage at the time , in terms of time wasted , refunds given , and people 's opinion of both of our brands being harmed . Overall , though , you live and learn and focus on what you 're good at instead , and people will be much more forgiving . Dom Wells is the CEO and founder at Human Proof Designs . When I ran a branding studio in Los Angeles , I often pursued work that helped me earn a lot of money but did n't allow to me feel particularly challenged or fulfilled . I eventually learned that allowing yourself to make business decisions based on more than just money tends to result in better work , a better reputation , but also a sense of earned accomplishment and happiness that would be difficult to come by , otherwise . SP Colin Wright is an author , blogger and international speaker . SP Taking on clients only to cover costs but not feeling a great connection was my biggest mistake . It brings cash in the first place , but a lot of unhappiness and misunderstandings later on . And that cash really does n't cover up for your wasted nerves , nor brings you good experiences or further business . Pamela Wagner is a digital entrepreneur and paid ads specialist . My biggest business mistake is not entering the online business world soon enough . Businesses of any niches favor first movers - this also holds true with online business niches . SP It 's way easier starting a , say , business blog in 2005 than in 2017 : Acquiring new readers are easier , thus it 's faster to build a community and generate profits at the same time . Ivan Widjaya is a serial entrepreneur and founder / CEO of online publication Noobpreneur.com My biggest mistake was thinking that I researched my market in depth when starting Richtopia , it took me a year to realize that I had n't done my homework properly so I went about doing it a year late . Knowing your field of operation is of the utmost importance . During Richtopia 's growth , I was introduced to Tim Campbell MBE at Bright Ideas Trust who helped me refocus my business efforts to really make even more impact with thousands of unique users regularly visiting our website to get insightful business information . Derin Cag is the founder of digital platform Richtopia . Hands down my biggest mistake in business has been ( repeatedly ) rushing to launch products and services that I thought the world absolutely needed , without first taking the time to validate those ideas with real , paying customers . With my very first product , the iStash , I spent over a year prototyping , tweaking my business plan and working with overseas manufacturers and eventually placing a huge first order of more than 3,000 units all without even pausing to ask my target market if the product was something they 'd be willing to pay for . After receiving that shipment , I realized I had a major problem : I had just created a product that nobody really wanted . This experience and others like it , have forced me to no longer pursue building a new business or creating a new product without getting a handful of excited , paying customers first . Ryan Robinson is an entrepreneur , writer and freelance content marketer . Do any of these sound familiar ? Or , better said , do any of these sounds like something you ' ve been doing without realizing it ? Hard as it may sound , business mistakes are bound to happen . Some may even come in disguise as perfect decisions at the time . But , truth be told , making a mistake is not the hardest thing to do . The toughest part is getting past around it . Sticking in spite of the tough times . SP If you truly believe in your business idea , want it to succeed , then follow the lead of these 14 entrepreneurs . Remember the regrets , but keep going .
Preparing to launch your startup takes more than motivation and time . It requires quite a bit of capital to get things going and even more to maintain operations in the future . Before you even think about setting up shop , experts recommend that you have at least one year of business expenses in savings , a minimum of three to six months of personal expenses on hand , and an emergency stash of cash that you can use when you find yourself in a bind . Although it might seem like it 's impossible to save the funds you need to officially launch your startup as you travel to meet with potential clients and purchase necessary items and software , there are several simple things you can do to cut your spending and save your funding . Here are six financial tips to help you save on necessary expenses as you build your company : If you travel often for your business , chances are you 're earning quite a few perks that you might not be using to their full potential . As a business owner looking to save money where you can , identifying and utilizing any and all perks available to you will be important . For example , maximizing your potential for earning sky miles will be very important as you plan your personal flights and business trips . Reading up on the perks of the credit card you use for business and personal spending will also be important as you might be eligible for cashback and discounted services . Many startup owners offer their goods and services in exchange for the goods and services they need from other companies or freelancers in an effort to save a little cash as they grow their businesses . For example , if you 're working with a freelance designer to update your site , you might consider working with him or her on a trade basis where you mutually benefit from the transaction without having to shell out extra cash for design work . If you 're new to the process of identifying and working with others to trade goods and services , the International Reciprocal Trade Association helps business owners find other companies that are also looking to barter for goods and services . Outsourcing one - off projects like development work for website updates or public relations for an event can help you cover your business needs while avoiding the fixed , recurring costs involved with hiring a full - time employee to handle these projects for you . You can find a contract worker to do just about any task you need . You can use sites like Elance or Upwork to find freelancers who meet your specific needs and have the qualifications and experience necessary to complete each project you send them . Overhead costs for building a cool , startup - worthy office can get pretty outrageous when you 're just starting out . This is why many new startups are choosing to employ a team of remote workers who use their own homes as an office . If you find that it 's impossible to perform your daily operations without being in the same room as your team , you might consider investing in a membership at a coworking space rather than shelling out the cash each month for the lease on an office space . International coworking accommodation companies like Impact Hub and WeWork offer coworking spaces across the globe that can help you fulfill your office space needs on the cheap . There 's nothing wrong with taking advantage of a good free trial period in the interest of saving on business costs . You can find lots of free and inexpensive options for the software you need to complete daily operations . For example , your financial team could use Money Manager Ex to work together on accounting needs without paying for an accounting software , your project management team could use MeisterTask to track progress and manage individual projects across your company , and your entire team could use Google Drive to share files and collaborate on projects Cutting your personal spending will play a major role in your ability to put more money into your business as it grows . This does n't mean you ca n't go out for dinner or see a movie until your startup is profitable , but it does mean you should be a bit more aware of where your money goes . For example , purchasing a new car or a new home might not be completely necessary at this time as it would be more beneficial to put the money into your business . You might also want to take a closer look at your spending habits using an app like Mint or Level to see where your money is going and how you might be able to cut back a bit .
Whether out for a night with friends or quietly celebrating at home , it can be hard to self - monitor alcohol intake . But thanks to Milo Sensors , you do n't have to . The startup is creating " the next generation of wearable biosensors that gain blood - level insights in a non - invasive way , " its website says . The way is Proof , a wrist - worn biometric sensor that tracks your blood alcohol level without needing to blow into a breathalyzer or take a blood test . Sync the dime - sized sensor to a smartphone for real - time , customizable notifications . SP Proof -- named for the measure of the content of ethanol in an alcoholic beverage -- looks like a generic fitness tracker , but instead of counting calories , it calculates alcohol content for 12-plus hours . Milo Sensors ' device relies on a disposable cartridge , attached magnetically to the underside of the band ; the patent - pending accessory converts perspired alcohol into an identifiable level . The wristband then lights up and vibrates once you reach a pre - selected blood - alcohol - content limit -- a warning to stop drinking , or face the consequences in the morning . A rechargeable battery lasts up to four days of continuous use ( a sure sign you have a problem ) . Interested drinkers can sign up online for product updates and pre - order details . A release date and retail price have not yet been revealed . In August , researchers at the University of California , San Diego developed a temporary tattoo that tells the user their blood alcohol level . The technology looks like a small circuit board , but analyzes sweat and communicates wirelessly with a handset or smartwatch to determine your level of intoxication . Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012 . She moved to New York City from Frederick , Md. , where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second - largest daily newspaper in Maryland . She interned at Baltimore magazine ...
The importance of a short , unique , pertinent startup name can not be understated . After all , it will be the first thing most potential customers see and the last thing you want to do is scare them off with a weird , boring , nonsensical name . Much like naming your child , you need to take a lot of time to consider all the options and weigh the pros and cons of each . The difference between naming your startup and naming your child is that you ca n't get sued for naming your child something that 's already been taken by someone else . Fortunately , one company understands the necessity for finding out the legitimacy of your startup name and they have created an app to help you . Viable is a free mobile app designed to test the viability of your startup 's name . You 'll be able to find out if the name exists anywhere in the world , which will in turn help you decide the best monicker for your new venture . And with more than enough names out there , this kind of thing is more than necessary . " After seeing countless startups and brands launch with cringeworthy names ( even some that blatantly violate live trademarks ) , we decided to do something about it , " said a recent blog post . Viable does n't just check the legitimacy of your startup name . This app brings the naming process to a whole new level by providing a score that will better inform you in your naming process . Your startup name will fall into one of four categories : not viable , fairly viable , extremely viable , or viable af . Users will also be able to interact with the four criteria for a viable name , including domains , products , trademarks , and definitions , which all deal with a particular aspect of naming your startup . SP Viable is currently available for download in the Apple Store and was recently featured on Product Hunt as a key tool for budding startups . So before you pull the trigger on your startup 's name , take steps to make sure it 's Viable .
Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360(tm ) company . Let us tell the world your success story . SP Get Started > > Car companies wo n't survive without innovating their business offerings . Ford knows this , which is why the more - than - a - century - old company considers itself a " mobility company . " At this year 's CES , Ford showed off three of its latest innovations : drivers can now talk to their vehicles ' SYNC hands - free system with Amazon Alexa integration , an autonomous Focus vehicle and one of its vehicles for Chariot , its ride - sharing service . To get a sense of what these developments mean for the brand , and how Ford looks for and integrates ideas , I spoke with Ken Washington , Ford 's vice president of research and advanced engineering at the company 's CES booth . Why is Ford at CES ? We think of Ford as a mobility company and the vehicle as just a big consumer electronics device . By being here at CES , it 's a way to advance our perspectives and learn and convey our point of views about technology 's importance in enabling new ways of being mobile and enabling the car to be an even better consumer electronics device . What you 're saying is that the thinking is not really a shift , it 's kind of Ford fulfilling its mission . Exactly . A car has shifted from a relatively dumb device to being connected , smart and autonomous . And as a connected , smart and autonomous device that 's fairly sophisticated with millions of lines of code and dozens of computing modules , it 's only going to get more sophisticated with the ushering in of connectivity and autonomy to enable cars to do even more for us . We 're very excited what the possibilities . Ford announced last year that it launched a ride - sharing initiative with autonomous vehicles and plans to get them on the road by 2021 . That seems ambitious , but we 're on our way there with Uber and other companies having similar initiatives . We 're really excited about that . What better way to make people 's lives better than enabling them to have a high - quality , safe ride service that will allow them to get time back but also have this ability to move from one point to another at a very attractive price point ? So with this initiative , Ford opens its business to people who do n't want to own cars . You ' ve seen that shift already happening because you have driver - driven ride services that are now pretty common . But the business model for those is questionable . It 's still relatively expensive to hail a Lyft or an Uber and even more expensive to use a taxi service . If you can take the driver out of the loop , it lowers the cost point to be competitive to personal vehicle ownership . That does n't mean personal ownership will go away , because you 'll still have the option to buy a vehicle . But having this option of not driving if you 're in an environment where there is a ride service is very compelling and exciting . SP SP Ford also has a presence at Eureka Park ( CES 's space for startups ) and with the 2021 initiative the company partnered with four startups . What does Ford look for in younger companies to invest in and partner with and what can companies do to make themselves more appealing to Ford ? We 're pretty expansive when we 're looking at the startup community , because we see many great ideas coming out of startups . Part of the formula for being successful in partnering with Ford is on our shoulders . It 's for us to be in the environment where the startups are and for us to be proactively engaged and participating with the startup community . So we interact with startups and get to know them , learn what they 're working on . We invite them to present their ideas for how they 'd like to work with Ford and if we can find common ground and interest . Sometimes that leads us to develop a proof of concept where we try their technology out . That would be the best way for startups to interact with Ford -- for them to talk to us and help us get to know what their ideas are . We can then help you understand how your idea might integrate with the automotive and mobility ecosystem . The idea looks to be the most important factor to Ford . The idea is always powerful . Keeping an open mind as well . We ' ve had lots of startups come to us and say , " here 's our idea , it 's A. " [ But creators should ] know A can become B can become C. Keep an open mind about how your idea might pivot . That 's sort of startup 101 , which is your original idea might not be the idea that gains traction and leads you to a market . Keep an open mind , work with us and explore the possibilities . That 's a great formula for an entrepreneur to explore working with Ford as we continue on our journey to be a mobility company and a lead in autonomy . What has been the most helpful piece of advice in your professional life that you 'd want to share with other people ? For me , it 's about staying curious . If you want to work in a technology rich business , keeping a curious mindset is really important . That will serve you so well in so many different ways . It helps keep you out of a rut , and it helps you avoid missing inflections and transitions . When you see something new , being curious allows you to dig in and ask questions and explore technology proof of concepts . Do you want to add anything else ? A good way to end is to reinforce that we are really excited about how we can help make people 's lives better . This is n't just about technology for technology 's sake . This is about ushering in an era of transportation mobility . If people ca n't drive because they are disabled or blind or maybe just do n't want to because they 're tired , and by the way , autonomous vehicles and new services open up the promise of reducing traffic accidents . This is about safety , making people 's lives better and opening up new business opportunities for our shareholders . I love technology , but I love it even more when it can make a difference in people 's lives . His answers have been edited for length and clarity . Stephen J. Bronner is news director of Entrepreneur.com . He occasionally writes about technology , video games , food and fitness .
NASA Electric planes are set to become a reality sooner than most realize . Boeing and JetBlue , both big names in the airline industry , have invested in electric - aircraft startup Zunum to explore using the planes at regional airports . Meanwhile , companies like Uber and Airbus are working on electric aircrafts for an air taxi service NASA is also investing heavily in electric planes and has committed just over $ 43 million towards the project . Scroll down to see NASA 's step - by - step plan to make electric planes a reality :
Notion Capital , the London - based VC focused on enterprise SaaS and cloud startups , is announcing a number of updates today . This includes a new later - stage follow - on fund for existing portfolio companies , and the final closing of its third early - stage fund , which now counts Cisco amongst a number of new U.S .- based LPs . The firm has also made two internal promotions , with both Chrys Chrysanthou and Patrick Norris making the step up to partner . Dubbed " Notion Capital Opportunities LP , " the new growth equity fund is targeting a final close of $ 80 million and will be used by Notion to do later - stage investments -- think Series C and beyond -- in the best performing companies in its current portfolio , and in a way that would not be possible by simply following on out of its existing funds . I understand Notion has already raised 55 percent of the new fund 's target size , whilst the thinking behind the follow - on vehicle is to " augment investment returns " and position the firm as an even more attractive and long - term funding partner for the companies and founders it backs . Notion is also communicating the final close of " Notional Capital III LP , " its third early - stage fund at $ 140 million , $ 120 million of which had previously been announced . Notably , new LPs include Cisco Investments , the venture capital arm of Silicon Valley tech giant Cisco , as well as two U.S. university endowments , Emory and Texas A&M. Ireland 's Key Capital has also invested in the fund . In a call , Notion Capital Managing Partner Stephen Chandler said the fact that the VC has pulled in U.S .- based LPs for the final closing of fund three is a reflection of the growing interest across the pond in European tech startups . This , he said , was in stark contrast to the state of play back in 2009 when Notion Capital was first started by himself and the two founders of MessageLabs , after it sold for $ 700 million to Symantec a year earlier . Asked about the trouble other U.K. funds are reportedly having closing , because of uncertainty now that Brexit 's Article 50 has been triggered and in relation to Europe 's largest LP , the partly European tax - payer funded European Investment Fund ( EIF ) , Chandler says that this was something he took into account when actively courting U.S. investors . Put simply , given Brexit , he wanted Notion to diversify its LPs away from being so reliant on the EU , and says U.S. LPs now make up 20 percent of Notion Capital III 's final closing . Investors in the U.K. , including the state - backed British Business Bank , accounts for 25 percent , Middle East investors account for 25 percent and EU investors , such as the EIF and various European family offices , make up the remaining 30 percent . Meanwhile , Chandler says the promotion of Chrysanthou and Norris to full partner roles is a sign that Notion itself is maturing along with its in - house talent . Specifically , it signals that the firm has moved beyond simply being known as the European SaaS fund founded by ex - MessageLabs operators and owners . " These developments leave us exceptionally well positioned for 2017 and beyond , so we feel excited about what the future holds for Notion , " he adds in a statement . " From the start we set out to build a genuinely differentiated venture capital firm that would be sustainable across multiple generations . Talent is obviously critical to that mission so it is particularly pleasing to recognise the contribution of our two new partners with these internal promotions . "
Harry Stebbings . Atomico Harry Stebbings has left his role at London - based VC fund Atomico , he said in the latest episode of his podcast . Stebbings is the host of the " Twenty Minute VC " podcast , and it was announced in December that he had joined VC firm Atomico as " the world 's youngest VC . " However , 20-year - old Stebbings has now left the VC firm after six months . Stebbings said in a statement that " the Atomico EIR [ entrepreneur in residence ] programme has been a fantastic learning experience and one I would recommend to any founder while they are figuring out the next big challenge they want to solve . " " I could n't think of a better place to take the time to figure out what I want to do next with the help and guidance of some of the best in the industry . While I ca n't tell you what that is yet , I can tell you that I am so grateful for all the support and mentorship I ' ve had from Mattias and the whole Atomico team and I look forward to working closely with them in the future . " Business Insider understands that Stebbings has claimed to be in the early stages of raising his own VC fund . Mattias Ljungman , a cofounder and partner at Atomico , sent the following statement about Stebbings ' departure : " I first met Harry a couple of years ago when I was interviewed on the show . I was extremely impressed with what he 's achieved , we became friends and last year welcomed him to Atomico 's EIR programme . We set up our EIR programme so experienced players can spend some time supporting our portfolio companies , mentoring new entrepreneurs , and sourcing more great start - ups on their way to becoming global winners . The EIR programme was always designed to be a temporary platform for founders to be part of on their journey towards finding their next entrepreneurial idea . EIRs can stay with us anywhere between three and 18 months . In Harry 's case , we are very excited that he has found his next idea as part of this programme . He will become part of a prestigious Atomico EIR Alumni network and we look forward to putting the full weight of Atomico behind supporting him , as we do with all our Alumni , in his next endeavour when he is ready to announce it . "
US President - elect Donald Trump and Softbank CEO Masayoshi Son acknowledge guests after meeting at Trump Tower . Brendan McDermid / Reuters SoftBank 's Vision Fund is officially the world 's biggest private equity fund after it announced on Saturday that it had closed $ 93 billion . The extra $ 7 billion , bringing the fund 's total to $ 100 billion , is expected to close in the next six months , SoftBank said in its announcement on Saturday . It 's a colossal amount of capital collected to invest in the next wave of technology companies , and it 's size and focus has attracted backers like Apple and Qualcomm as a result . The billions invested will be directed towards the tech industry , ranging from companies in artificial intelligence to robotics and cloud technology . The way the fund was publicized suggested that it intended to invest in startups and emerging technologies . In December , Son told President - elect Donald Trump that $ 50 billion of the fund would be invested in US startups and it would bring 50,000 jobs to the US as a result , according to Bloomberg . While startups will be a part of the fund , SoftBank said in the press release that it 's going to be investing in " established , multi - billion dollar companies requiring substantial growth funding " as well . " Technology has the potential to address the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today . The businesses working to solve these problems will require patient long - term capital and visionary strategic investment partners with the resources to nurture their success , " said SoftBank chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son in a press release . " The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution . " SoftBank announced the fund last October , saying that it would be based in London . Other high - profile backers now include Foxconn , Sharp , and the Mubadala Investment Company of the United Arab Emirates .
Having a cofounder can be tricky . Between funding disputes and splitting the responsibility , finding the perfect balance can be an arduous process that takes years of trust and confidence . However , if the dynamic is productive , having a cofounder can increase your success and productivity tenfold . We asked three entrepreneur about the value of having a cofounder . Check out their answers below and start thinking about splitting the responsibility of your startup : When it all comes down to it ( and your potential investors ) , you do n't want to have an entire system reliant on just you . You need someone else in place who 's just as motivated as you to keep the business going . It 's a checks - and - balances of sorts on a system that could otherwise fail if you make one wrong decision or if you simply need to take the day off . - Jordan Gurrieri of Orbit Path Running a business is an extremely involved , incredibly tiring process . I ' ve seen my fair share of solo entrepreneurs struggling just to keep themselves afloat . By having someone else on board with your startup , you 're cutting the amount of work you need to do in half - something that 'll work wonders for your sanity . - Steven Buchwald of Buchwald & Associates I ' ve always thought it 's important to have at least one other person you can count on . It 's helpful to have two minds working to craft the big vision and identify potential hurdles . The ability to divide and conquer is critical in an environment that is constantly shifting and evolving . A good co - founder allows you to look at what lies ahead rather than driving by looking in the rearview mirror . - Joshua Moe of Odigia FounderSociety is an invitation - only organization comprised of ambitious startup founders and business owners . SP This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners . SP FounderSociety is an invitation - only organization comprised of ambitious startup founders and business owners . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Darren McCollester / Getty ImagesFor new college students , choosing a major can feel like a decision that shapes one 's life trajectory . But a degree in computer science is no guarantee that you 'll create the next billion - dollar startup , and a philosophy degree wo n't necessarily keep you from starting a business . The best and brightest CEOs in tech come from a wide - range of educational backgrounds . Some of their chosen majors link up perfectly with what they ended up accomplishing , while others made decisions that might not immediately make sense to an outside observer . But whether you major in International Studies like Bumble 's Whitney Wolfe , or Metallurgical Engineering like Google 's Sundar Pichai , there are plenty of ways to make it big in tech . Take a look :
Following controversy in recent weeks around the business model being pushed onto franchisees , pizza chain Domino 's has announced the launch of an artificial intelligence ( AI ) assistant that will be plugged into the brand 's web platform and mobile app to allow customers to order food using voice commands . SP Named Domino 's Robotic Unit ( DRU ) Assist , the AI will be able to recognise a customer 's order through reading text entered on the company 's web platform or voice while using the app . SP In addition to regular orders , customers will also be able to make customisations , such as asking for extra cheese , by talking to the AI . DRU Assist will also be able to tell customers if any new menu items are on offer and inform them about the restaurant 's latest deals . Domino 's Group CEO and Managing Director , Don Meij , said he 's excited that Domino 's will be the first company amongst Quick Service Restaurants ( QSR ) to helm a technology that will lead the future of the industry . " DRU Assist is the first ever virtual assistant available to help customers place their orders online in the Australian QSR industry . It will help our customers streamline their ordering process with efficient and helpful service with a side of personality , " said Meij . SP " DRU Assist , and AI , will become the leading future platform for ordering , management , marketing and delivery as part of the DRU Platform . " Launching into public beta yesterday , Meij said the AI will also be able to chat back to customers through a voice engine powered by software company Nuance , and will feature machine learning feature to help it learn and improve its recognition capabilities from " every customer experience " . To fuel the AI 's learning process , Meij called out for Domino 's customers across Australia to take part in the beta and use the app , saying , " allowing the beta to be open to the whole nation means that DRU Assist will learn faster , and provide a better service for our customers . " The CEO added that Domino 's will look towards working with third - party partners to integrate the AI into other digital platforms and devices , such as smart TVs . During yesterday 's Abacus Tech event , the company also announced the development of Domino 's Anywhere , an upgrade to the business 's location - based features set to launch later this year . SP Domino 's Anywhere will allow customers to drop an exact location pin when ordering food using GPS , meaning they can have pizza delivered to varying locations they 're at such as parks and stores , removing the need for an exact street address . " We know that pizza is a social sharing meal and many of our customers want to enjoy it on a day out with the family , and not be limited to a house or office , " said Meij . The company also launched a plugin for Facebook 's Messenger platform that will allow Facebook users to discover pizza deals , called the Domino 's Offers Bot . SP Looking to build out their drone delivery service , Domino 's also presented an update about its DRU Drone by Australian drone startup Flirtey , saying that a further trial period is being set for the second half of this year in New Zealand . The two companies began working together to test the drone delivery service which will form Domino 's Autonomous Delivery fleet last August , eventually opening the service up to the New Zealand public in November . SP Despite drone delivery being a key focus for the company , however , Meij said Domino 's will also look to expand its Autonomous Delivery fleet using land - based robotic units . " The continued testing and expansion of our autonomous delivery systems demonstrates that Domino 's is committed to providing innovative , safer delivery systems across our network , " he said .
Though the world of accounting software is more sophisticated than it has ever been before , for various types of organisations there are still some key features missing . That 's what Adam Clark found while working at Xero and chatting to charities using the software : it worked great for many things , but it did n't help speed up the process of creating annual receipts for donors . So he started to build Donation Manager . At its most basic level , Clark explained , it allows a charity to quickly generate donation receipts for donors , a process which most small to medium charities are still doing manually . " If you consider there are over 15,000 active charities in New Zealand , and each was to save even just one hour a year - which I hope would be a minimum saving - that 's 15,000 hours volunteers can spend on solving the problem their charity has been set up to solve , " Clark said . Clark , who had been involved with various charities since he finished studying , took a job at Xero in 2011 , where he said the company " kind of let me loose " in the sales and customer experience areas . Here , he was able to talk with hundreds of charity treasurers and administrators about the problems they faced . A number of key issues kept coming up in these conversations : that there was no charity - specific software available at a reasonable cost to help decrease their administrative burden , with the time taken to make and send out annual receipts a frequent example ; that charities have problems with both engaging existing donors and attracting new ones , which flows onto declining revenues from private sources . Clark began looking at how to start building the platform in 2013 , at which point he said there was nothing in the market that came close to helping charities with their needs . " There are some more options out there now , but they are still relatively expensive , or lacking in functionality , " he said . Despite his links to the tech community , the journey from initial idea to launch was n't exactly an easy one , with Clark saying he almost gave up a few times . " The initial concepts were developed based on conversations with all the charities , and then refined based on my light BA work with Xero developers on functionality directed at accountants ( which is now morphing into Xero HQ ) . Clark incorporated the company in 2013 , and put the development out for tender on Freelancer , awarding the contract to an overseas development firm that had solid positive feedback . " However , milestones dragged out and a six month build turned into a half built product in 18 months . When they were due to provide me with source code of their latest updates to receive their next tranche of funding , they disappeared off the face of the earth with me a few grand out of pocket ; not brilliant as my wife was studying and I was on a single income , " Clark said . It took him a while to recover , Clark said , and in mid-2015 he had some spec work done by a local development firm which put the cost of local development far out of the reach of his ability to self - fund . He shopped around local social enterprise investors to see if there was any interest in funding a build , but had no luck . At the end of that year he posted another job on Freelancer to have someone build a " very , very basic " version of the software based on a WordPress back end . When this was done , he went out to charities to let them know it was there , and got a number on board . With this , Clark said he judged the venture as a " limited success " , deciding that if it was going to work , the software had to be operated by a charity itself so that any profits could go back to charities , with the hope that some others might " pick up the tab " once they saw the impact it was having . " Running it through a charitable trust allows me to take advantage of enough free software offers from corporates to keep current level overheads extremely low , and manageable from a personal perspective , " he added . From there , Clark reached out to a New Zealand tech Facebook group to explain the concept and ask what a reasonable rate for a local build would be . Here someone offered to come on board and build the front - end in his spare time , if Clark could get someone to build just the back end - so he sold the last of his Xero shares , borrowed some money , and brought on development agency Enspiral Craftworks . But that was n't the end of the story - the front - end developer ended up having to leave the project due to medical issues . Luckily , the developer at Enspiral Craftworks could take over the whole project , so Clark extended his mortgage and got her to finish the job herself . For a charity , getting started means signing up and inputting all the relevant details about the organisation , and then figuring out what they want their annual receipt or letter to look like . SP They can add contacts manually or import a CSV file , then create donation transactions to match the contacts , again manually or by importing from CSV or Xero . SP " The process is a lot more straight forward if they use Xero , as naturally I have leaned the product towards working best when there is an integration , " Clark said . " Once they have all their donation transactions for the year added in and matched to contacts , they click a couple of buttons , and their annual receipts are ready to download in PDF format . The charity user can then either post or email the receipts to their donors like they normally would . We definitely want to streamline that final part of the process in the future . " Clark is looking to extend the platform in the future by creating a donor portal , allowing donors themselves to get easy access to their end of year receipts in a single place . SP " There is a lot of friction in the donation process , and one of the areas identified by [ the Inland Revenue Department ] and [ Department of Internal Affairs ] is the administrative burden in claiming the donation tax credits , " Clark said . " If a person could login at the end of the year and access all of their donation receipts from a single place , it would make claiming the tax rebate so much easier . And I ' m hoping if it 's easy to claim the rebate , it will increase people 's confidence in donating more to charities . " With so many years spent building the platform , Clark said he now has a number of charities waiting to use it , while he will also look to go deeper into the market by tapping into the contacts he made while at Xero . SP The platform is free for charities in New Zealand to use , with Clark to explore putting in place a fee for charities overseas . There are two main competitors Clark sees in the space , Infoodle and Vega , who he wishes " all the best to as they are trying to help the sector as well " , but believes that Donation Manager 's features and the fact it 's free put it above the rest . Looking ahead , Clark aims to bring on funding to further develop the platform . As well as the donor portal , in the pipeline is the integration of a CRM system to help charities better communicate with donors .
Training and investment company Village Capital in association with The Hershey Company , is looking to support food entrepreneurs in Cote D'Ivoire , Ghana , and Nigeria . The company is looking to identify and support entrepreneurs increasing access and affordability to nutritious food products in those regions . According to a statement on the VC4A website : " West African economies like Ghana , Nigeria , and Cote d'Ivoire are growing rapidly , yet nutrition for children still lags behind . In Ghana , UNICEF estimates that 57% of children under 5 are anaemic , 23% are stunted , and 30,000 children suffer from Severe Acute Malnutrition annually . " Village Capital will send 10 startups to the Village Capital 's Affordable Nutrition Forum on 21 April Accra , Ghana . There , the companies will participate in ' business development / investment readiness training ' with experts and stand a chance to win US$ 15 000 in prize money . Those looking to participate will be required to operate in one or more of the three countries , bettering supply and distribution chains , and increasing awareness around nutritious food , among others . More information can be found on the VC4A website . The deadline for applications is 20 March . Feature image : Kim Siever via Flickr
There 's a lot of money to be made by forward - thinking sports clubs and leagues taking China seriously . Years of playing pre - season friendlies and tournaments in Asia saw the English Premier League bag around US$ 700 million for its Chinese television rights last year , while the NBA 's streaming deal with Chinese giant Tencent is also worth a reported US$ 700 million . A local club making inroads is the AFL 's Port Adelaide , which will this weekend play a sold out match against the Gold Coast Suns in Shanghai . While it may the focus of many a headline this week , Andrew Hunter , Port 's general manager of China and government relations , said the match is just the beginning of the club 's efforts and business interests in China . " The game itself is n't the final point , it 's really the beginning and intrinsic to what we 're trying to do , which is bring people from Australia and China together for mutual understanding , for mutual business benefit , and to strengthen , ideally , the bilateral relationship , " he said . The club first began looking to China in 2014 , hosting business lunches in Hong Kong and investing in game development in Chinese schools . Over the years it has created a China Strategy , securing a broadcasting deal , sponsoring Team China and the South China Australian Football League , and coming to see itself as a vehicle for the development of business relationships between Australia and China . This is " sports diplomacy " , as the club puts it ; cultural and language barriers can be hard to overcome in business , but sport can break through . " We believe that an asset the club has now is an extraordinary network of people in China , the upper echelon of the business community in Shanghai , as well as access to the business community in Australia , because we 're a high profile club playing the most high profile sport in the country , " Hunter said . " If we can bring those people together so they can get a mutual benefit , where investors want to invest and people on the other side are looking for investment , and we can get a commercial benefit out of it , I think we 're playing a really strong role . " The business community has been growing over the last few years through Port 's China Power Club , in effect a business matching group or forum . Here the club worked in collaboration with the South Australian Government , who would fly a dozen or so high net worth business people in from China for networking opportunities with local business people , centered around a football event . Looking to freshen up the concept this year , Port Adelaide is working with the state government to host an Investment Attraction Forum at Adelaide Oval in June ahead of Port 's round 13 match against Brisbane . Here , five South Australian businesses will be chosen to pitch to around 25 potential investors . The government has assisted in selecting in investors , with Hunter explaining those chosen all hold visas predicated on their intent to do business in South Australia . " Similarly , we want to put them in front of people from South Australia who want to do business in China , " he said . The government will also assist in vetting the businesses selected to pitch ; the opportunity is open to companies from all industries looking for a minimum investment of $ 2 - 3 million . The companies must also be willing to enter into a commercial arrangement with Port Adelaide , with the club to take a " modest success fee " from any deal made through the event . Hunter said the club is treating this first event as a proof of concept , but believes there is enough appetite to expand it in the future ; already in the pipeline is a second event in Shanghai towards the end of the year , with a view to running another two in Adelaide and two in China next year . " I haven't found another sports club that does this , but if you 're a business , you need to understand what your assets are , and ours are n't just what 's on the field . " You can learn more about the Investment Attraction Forum here . Disclosure : David Koch , chairman of Port Adelaide Football Club , is a shareholder in Shoe String Media , which owns Startup Daily .
It looks like the warm weather is here to stay , and that means outdoor activities will hopefully become part of your daily routine . Hiking , jogging , and maybe even some surfing could be in your future , which might make it hard to read all your favorite Tech . Co top stories . But have no fear , our weekly roundup of our top stories is here ! You can peruse all the topics we covered in the last week , including cannabis startups , the best cities for jobseekers , a virtual reality experience on Mount Everest . Check them out below and get hyped for another exciting week of tech news , startup tips , and entrepreneurial motivation , Remember ! Apply now to Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition , which will give you a chance to join us at Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 ! Register now and get ready for a fantastic 3-day journey . In addition to our weekly top stories , Tech . Co release a number of Star Wars stories in honor of May the Fourth . Check them out below , and may the force be with you . Need more Tech . Co ? Sign up for the Tech . Co newsletter today , and get the weekly wrap - up direct to your inbox . Interested in coming to a Tech . Co event ? Check out our Tech . Co calendar here . Photo : Flickr / Andy
The second edition of Drive , Belron 's 10 week startup accelerator programme , is about to start soon . Following last year 's success , Belron is once again collaborating with L Marks in the search for startups with disruptive technologies who can help the company solve some of its biggest business challenges . Belron is the world 's leading vehicle glass repair and replacement service provider and parent company behind Autoglass in the UK , Carglass , in Europe , SpeedyGlass and Lebeau , in Canada , and Safelite in the US . They serve 11 million customers in over 30 countries , generating over EUR3.1 billion in annual revenue . This year Belron is looking for startups with solutions in the following fields : SP The 10 week programme offers startups the following : The Belron accelerator programme is an excellent opportunity for startups to learn from a truly global business , serving 11 million customers in over 30 countries . Learn more about the programme and how to apply here . Applications close on 29th January ! Last year 's winner , Sorry as a Service , a startup that disrupts the customer service sector , ended up partnering with the Autoglass team in the UK . As of Demo day , Sorry as a Service received PS100,000 investment from Belron and L Marks and are continuing their commercial relationship . SP
Looking to get into the South African startup scene or scratch up on some of your skills ? Well , you ' ve come to the right place . There are loads of competitions , networking sessions and workshops happening around South Africa and the rest of the continent ( namely Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana ) that we ' ve rounded up to make your life a bit easier . This article is part of a weekly series that highlights all the top startup competitions , networking sessions , workshops and conferences around South Africa , and the greater region . If you have any event recommendations for us to add to the list , or next week 's , please let us know in the comments below or send us an email . Not all of the events are free and some will require booking in advance . Please click on the event names to find out more information . 3rd Annual eCommerce MoneyAfrica The eCommerce conference sessions will examine various aspects of development in the industry : how online and mobile retailers are capitalising on growth opportunities ; how omni - channel retailers are moving into a digital space ; where the consumer is driving their own experience ; the realities and challenges of cross - border expansion ; and overcoming fulfilment concerns and driving logistics in the real world . Date : 22 - 23 February , 8:00am to 6:00pm Location : CTICC Colour Accounting Workshop Workshop for entrepreneurs and business owners wishing to understand accounting . Date : 22 February , 8:30am to 4:30pm Location : N / A SCTalks : Is EdTech the new FinTech ? Money ? Tick . Deal Flow ? Tick . A market ready for digital disruption ? Tick . This has a lot of people wondering if perhaps its time to stop thinking about the next big bank killer and start thinking about how to turn education on its head . Silicon Cape 's February TechTalk is on EdTech . You will meet some of the new startups in the space and hear from people who have been casually disrupting this space for a while as they discuss whether EdTech is the new FinTech , the role that it can play in SA in supplementing traditional education and creating new , future learning solutions . Date : 22 February , 6:00pm to 8:00pm Location : Workshop 17 , V&A Waterfront Lean ( Startup ) Coffee For people working in startups , lean ( startup ) coffee is a weekly 1-hour coffee that runs a mash - up of leancoffee.org with theleanstartup.com . Unlike other startup meetups , lean ( startup ) coffee is agendaless , speakerless and talks about what you care about . We each propose topics , vote on them and talk about the most popular ones for a few minutes . Come visit to see how it works . Date : 22 February , 8:30am to 9:30am Location : TRUTH . coffeecult , 1 Somerset Road , Green Point Share knowledge from our experiences in the practice of Agile Methods and Learn ! Stellenbosch Lean Coffee is now an SUGSA - affiliated event . Join us for thought - provoking discussions aimed at continuously improving our experiences in agility and helping each other to coach ever - more effective and happy teams ! Date : 22 February , 2:30pm to 4:00pm Location : Polymorph Offices , 2nd Floor , Rhino House , 23 Quantum Road , Technopark , Stellenbosch LaunchLab Talk |Changing Lives Through Technology , Accessibility , Empowerment And Education Join our talk where Luvuyo Rani will share his learnings from his entrepreneurial journey and critical tips to advice along the way from an entrepreneur 's perspective . The talk will be followed by a drinks and a networking session . Date : 23 February , 4:30pm to 5:30pm Location : Nedbank Stellenbosch University LaunchLab , Stellenbosch StartupGrind : Benji Coetzee ( EmptyTrips ) Benji Coetzee is the Founder and CEO of a Tech Startup EmptyTrips . EmptyTrips is the Uber for cargo . It links those with spare capacity in their vehicles with those who need goods transported . Come hear how Benji , a non - technical founder , moved from corporate to creating a tech startup . Date : 21 February , 5:30pm to 7:30pm Location : Standard Bank Incubator , 5 Cradock Ave , Rosebank , Business Networking Focusing on building long - term business relationships through word of mouth referrals . We are looking for professionals in selected industries to join us and were we tap into one another 's networks to grow each of our businesses . Date : 22 February , 7:00am to 8:30am Location : The Street Cafe ( Rosebank Union Church ) , 40 St Andrews Road Cultivate your business for success It is not a sercet that woman succeed 100% at anything they put thier mind to . Especially when women come togther to empower and support each other . Join the launch of the Audacious Women 's Network on the 22nd of February , to experice the raise of young women in business . The networking events puropse is to cultivate entrepreneurial mindset , habits and build key realtionships . Date : 22 February , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : The Graft Yard , Heathway Centre , Shop 1048A , Cnr Castle Hill & Beyers Naude Drive , Blackheath MBA for a Night - Nairobi | by ALU School of Business A free interactive workshop for ambitious African business leaders that gives you a taste of ALU 's groundbreaking new MBA experience . Date : 20 February , 6:00pm t0 9:00pm Location : Sankara Nairobi , Woodvale Grove , Nairobi MEST in Kenya- Recruitment Info Session ! Want to know what it 's like to be an Entrepreneur - in - Training at MEST Africa ? Come meet us at Moringa School in Nairobi , Kenya and find out everything you need to know ! We are hosting a meet - up in Nairobi ! For the second year in a row , we are opening up recruitment in Kenya and we 'd like to get to know candidates who are eager to get into MEST in advance of the recruitment and the 2017 application process . Date : 21 February , 6:30pm tp 9:30pm Location : Moringa School , Lane Plaza , Ngong , Nairobi County MBA for a Night - Lagos | by ALU School of Business A free interactive workshop for ambitious African business leaders that gives you a taste of ALU 's groundbreaking new MBA experience . Date : 22 February , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : The Wheatbaker Lagos , 4 Onitolo ( Lawrence Road ) , Ikoyi , Lagos Start Up Cocktail- EVOLVE Startup cocktail is aimed at promoting entrepreneurship in our local community by leveraging on technology . It is a Networking event for startups , entrepreneurs , mentors and investors , where learning and sharing experiences take place . It also involves pitching opportunity for new startups and showcasing of those under our incubation program . Date : 23 February , 3:00pm to 5:30pm Location : Benin City , Benin City , Edo 300001 First Agile Lagos Meetup Join the First Agile Lagos Meetup group on Friday , February 24 for Games for Learning about Agile Practices , Methods and Tools for individuals and organizations in breakout groups presented by the Agile Lagos Facilitation Guild . Date : 24 February , 6:00pm Location : Four Points by Sheraton Lagos , Victoria Island , Lagos Synergy Startups- Exploring the Opportunities and Challenges : 1 . What steps / actions do one need do to ensure a successful startup 2 . Exploring the opportunities in this present economy . 3 . How to overcome startup challenges ? Date : 25 February , 12:00pm to 2:30pm Location : Sangotedo , Lekki , Lagos Startup Fundamentals - Developing An Appropriate Funding Strategy Getting funding from investors is always a challenge for startups . Avoiding common pitfalls when raising money can make the difference between your startup 's success or failure and the amount of dilution that founders will suffer that can mean the difference between a great or a dismal exit . This workshop is open to startup founders , startup executives , entrepreneurs , innovators , designers and developers only . Date : 21 February , 6:30pm to 9:30pm Location : online Have a startup event that you 'd like featured on next week 's event roundup ? Send us an email .
For the past 4 years , Silicon Harlem has worked towards making Harlem the tech destination for startups in New York City while building up the local population . The area has established coworking spaces , gained gigabit infrastructure , secured investment capital for startups , and hosted monthly entrepreneur meetups . SP Silicon Harlem strives to be part of the solution when it comes to lowering unemployment rates , increasing quality education opportunities , and producing sustainable job growth . And they 're off to a pretty great start . SP Clayton Banks , the cofounder and CEO of Silicon Harlem , spoke of their upcoming projects to be housed in an new development in central Harlem . Foremost , it will be an incubator , but it will also offer courses for senior citizens , children , and everyone in between . The curriculum will include basic technology skills and STEM related courses . " We want to be able to utilize the space to increase digital literacy of our residents , " said Banks . " The classes will be for seniors to children . Not just providing a space for them to use a computer . " Mayor Bill de Blasio 's office , according to Harlem Patch , announced Friday that a city - owned vacant lot would be involved in a development project that would include affordable housing units , restaurant space , and of course , Silicon Harlem . The project is expected to create a total of 29 affordable housing units . SP The building is still in the development phase , so there are not too many details as to what the incubator will look like and how exactly it will work . However , Banks has plans for the space that include providing a resource for the community to help grow Harlem as a tech hub . Read more about top black founders making strides in tech at Tech . Co .
FreeFunder founder John Symonds . SP Crowdfunding is designed to help people who are low on cash bring their ideas to life and finance big ticket items they could n't otherwise afford . It 's a valuable resource for innovators , creatives , and people who find themselves in a bind , but the five to nine percent service fee that most platforms charge can be a tough pill to swallow . That was the experience of John Symonds , a Seattle developer who wanted to get funding for a short film a few years back . " I wanted to avoid the fees on Kickstarter and GoFundMe , and knew that the success of the campaign was based on my network rather than the platform , " he said . The experience inspired Symonds to build a site that allowed users to create crowdfunding campaigns without turning over a chunk of the returns . After a couple iterations , FreeFunder was born . The site , which has been live since May , makes money from voluntary donations rather than a percentage of campaigns . When users contribute to a campaign , they 're prompted with an option to make a small donation to FreeFunder as well . FreeFunder also donates directly to campaigns when they reach certain sharing milestones on social media . It 's a win for FreeFunder , as shares help the site gain exposure and it helps customers reach their fundraising goals . Symonds shared details on FreeFunder for this Startup Spotlight , a regular GeekWire feature . Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire . Explain what you do so our parents can understand it : " FreeFunder is a crowdfunding platform very similar to GoFundMe , except there is no 5 percent platform fee . Instead of charging a fee to the campaign owners ( who need the money most ) we promote optional donations directly to FreeFunder when a contributor is making their donation to a campaign . " Inspiration hit us when : " For the first version , it was when we needed to raise money for a short film . For the new version , inspiration hit when I saw that there were other crowdfunding platforms that had figured out different ways to monetize their fundraisers or encourage donations without needing to charge a fee . " VC , Angel or Bootstrap : " Bootstrap ! I began rebuilding FreeFunder on the side while I was still working as the CTO of a Green Building company from Seattle . It took a lot longer to do it that way , but the result was having a site built just the way I wanted it while avoiding the normal startup costs . " Our ' secret sauce ' is : " Something that makes FreeFunder different than any other crowdfunding platform , and the thing that has helped it grow the most , is that we actually donate to campaigns on our platform when they reach different sharing thresholds . This encourages people who visit the fundraising page to share it with their friends even if they ca n't contribute themselves . Having that incentive out there has led to some campaigns getting shared much more often than they would have if the incentive was n't so explicit . " The smartest move we ' ve made so far : " Adding the sharing incentives . When a campaign gets 100 Facebook shares we donate $ 20 , and when it reaches 500 Facebook shares we donate another $ 50 . Most campaign owners will make this really clear to the people they reach out to , which gets the shares going much faster than they otherwise would . The cost , from an exposure standpoint , is minimal . $ 20 for 100 shares is $ 0.20 per ( organic ) share , which is a steal . " The biggest mistake we ' ve made so far : " Underestimating the willingness of contributors to donate to FreeFunder . Originally , even on the newer version of FreeFunder , there was a ' Premium ' version that provided a few extra tools . On the premium version , there was a platform fee of 2.9 percent , and I expected that to be better than the completely optional donation rate on the free version . As it turns out , people willingly donate more than that to FreeFunder on average , so we eliminated the premium version and made all of those features available for free . " Would you rather have Gates , Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner : " That 's a tough one , but I have a sense that Zuckerberg would be more understanding of the scrappy bootstrapping type since he started out with some programming of his own , so I 'll go with Zuckerberg . " Our favorite team - building activity is : " Well I ' m the only employee , but I do consult with several techie friends and have had them do some contract work for me , so I suppose our favorite team - building activity is talking about FreeFunder over drinks . " The biggest thing we look for when hiring is : " FreeFunder has almost doubled in volume each month this year , which is great . Although I haven't hired anyone full - time yet I expect that it 'll happen fairly soon . I 'll be looking for people who like small startups , wearing multiple hats , and have growth - hacking mindsets . " What 's the one piece of advice you 'd give to other entrepreneurs just starting out : " Just get started . Everything will need to adjust , so do n't wait for the most perfect plan . Start working on something and just keep chipping away and making adjustments ! " SP
Today , Blink is announcing a full suite of hardware being added to their do - it - yourself home security offerings in anticipation for CES 2017 . A Kickstarter success story , the company initially launched with a wireless , battery powered cameras designed to monitor your home . Last month they announced Blink XT , set to officially launch this week at CES , which will now be accompanied by five new pieces of hardware and monthly service plans . Set for release in Q2 of 2017 , Blink will expand their suite to include a 4 G sync module and battery backup , entry sensors , a 105 decibel siren , keypad for doors and entry points , and a water sensor . The expansion , which includes a 4 G connected sync module , will completely change the game for Blink , as that was one of the only real negatives holding their offerings back in the past . With the new sync module , people will be able to continue to monitor their home and outdoor spaces regardless of an internet connection or loss of power , perhaps the most pressing issue IoT companies face today . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Like our content ? Subscribe now to get articles like this delivered to you weekly . SP Now back to your reading ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ In the past , Blink did n't offer service or monitoring plans , a huge selling point for DIY home security , but the new hardware will require it . For their standard WiFi sync and camera systems , no plan will be necessary ; however , to use the sensors , siren , and keyboard , people will have to choose between a $ 10 ( self - monitoring ) or $ 20 plan ( third - party monitoring ) . " At Blink , we ' ve created a core Seecurity philosophy , meaning that the ability to see , and therefore know , exactly what is happening at home from anywhere at any time is vital to achieving true home security and peace of mind , " said Peter Besen , the CEO of Blink . " Operating under that mantra , we have leveraged Blink 's expertise to develop affordable , DIY products with video at the forefront . These new offerings will serve the growing segment of consumers demanding best - in - class , affordable , and fully encompassing home security coupled with the flexibility to keep an eye on their homes while on - the - go . " To date , Blink has shipped more than 250,000 cameras in the past year . The company has also been named a CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree . Tech . Co is on the ground at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and we 're covering everything from new tech to innovative startups . Follow our coverage here and make sure to check out all the brand new gadgets hitting the market after the festivities have concluded .
Recently , I came home from work at 10 pm , opened the door and immediately heard my wife say how stressed she was . Her pharmaceutical company recently bought a biotech startup for a lot of money , and my wife is leading a very tough integration project . She works very hard , all the time , and is still behind on things . SP The truth was that I was really stressed , too . After my wife finished complaining I complained right back . In general , running a Techstars program is super intense and stressful . This winter , though , just feels unusually challenging and demanding at work for me as well . I am behind on projects , concerned about not doing my best with founders , feel more tired and more stressed . In general , I ' ve been good at self - introspection , de - stressing and identifying causes of my stress and addressing them . I think this is an important quality particularly because when dealing with startups , the stress tends to be extreme . I want to share tips for how to deal with founder stress , which tends to be amplified nowadays : The first step in dealing with stress is recognizing that you are stressed . Do a self check - in once a week on how you are feeling . Literally , put it on the calendar . If you are stressed , think about the source . What exactly is stressing you out ? Uncertainty about the future ? Fundraising ? Cofounders ? Co - workers ? Whatever it is , figuring out the source of the stress helps address it better . Whenever I feel really stressed , I go to bed . Stress for me is typically combined with physical and mental exhaustion . To deal with it I go straight to bed . I ' ve never had a situation where I did n't feel better after a full night of sleep . The chemical build up of stress tends to wash out and get garbage collected during the night . We are all sleep deprived these days , especially founders , so extra sleep really helps . Conversely , lack of sleep and repeated stress causes people to malfunction . Literally , our brains do n't work well under repeated stress , can we ca n't think straight . Ongoing sleep deprivation and stress can lead to permanent brain damage , so be sure to catch up on your sleep . Brad Feld has a rule of one week off the grid every quarter . While you , as founder , may not be able to afford this , there is no reason why you ca n't take at least one weekend completely off every few months , and take a week off twice a year . Plan vacations ahead of time , and do n't ignore them . You always comeback refreshed , and ready to go . Give your body and mind the break it needs and deserves . This one is really important , and often founders get this exactly backwards . Startup culture is a culture of unhealthy foods , snacks and drinking . All of these tend to compound stress . Make an effort to plan your meals and to cut out alcohol . Healthy food leads to a less stressed body . Alcohol seems like it relieves stress , but it really does n't . I was drinking to reduce stress when I was running my second company , and developed an addiction . It was pretty bad , as I would drink , a lot , every single day . I quit cold turkey over three years ago and never looked back . If you are founder and catch yourself drinking daily , be mindful that this is a response to stress and can turn into an addiction . Regular exercise is an awesome way to release stress . Personally , I do yoga , running and strength training , and try to exercise every single day . By trying to exercise every day , I end up exercising five to six days a week . I exercise first thing in the morning , because I realized that if I do n't do it then I wo n't get to it at all . Any sort of exercise ( at a gym or participating in sports ) is a great way to destress . Figure out what works for you and commit to it . SP Meditation is one activity I ' ve not been able to incorporate into my daily routine yet . I ' ve tried meditating a bunch , but never stuck to it . Many investors and founders do it and find it extremely beneficial for mindfulness , and stress relief . Similar to sleep , during the meditation , the brain tends to relax and clear out the clogs and stress that 's building up . Just ten minutes a day can make a massive difference in how you feel . As you probably know , I am a massive productivity nerd and do a lot of scheduling and planning . Uncertainty in the schedule causes stress . Startups in general are chaotic , but sometimes total chaos leads to stress . You need to own your calendar and plan time for everything - meetings , work , email , family time , exercise -- everything you do should be planned and mapped out onto a calendar . Planning helps you clearly know what to do next and it helps you to reduce the stress . This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
Anyone looking for a job knows that they have a strenuous and lengthy process ahead of them , to say the least . Even a teen applying for a causal role at their local McDonald 's has to undergo an elongated online questionnaire that pits them against their fellow selfie - obsessed comrades . SP Things become even more complicated when applying for a professional role you 're genuinely interested in within an industry that deviates from your expertise . With Australians constantly being told that the jobs of the future require tech skills - which many , even recent high school and university graduates , do n't have - the idea of upskilling and transitioning careers is in the minds of many . SP To help people complete the transition into their dream role is startup Job Toolbox , which provides job seekers with an educational workshop covering the ins and outs of navigating the job application process . The one - day workshops cover topics spanning the entire job seeking process in order to provide attendees with a holistic overview that Job Toolbox founder Andria Wyman - Clarke said can be used to secure a role in an industry . " It 's about giving people the tools to be successful in their job search and future career , " said Wyman - Clarke . The founder herself is an expert on the job application process , having worked in HR for over 25 years across a number of large companies within the mining , retail , pharmaceutical , defence and aeronautics industries . SP " I ' ve interviewed thousands of people and what I saw was that a lot of them , who were probably really solid candidates , either had really poor resumes or interviewed really poorly , " said Wyman - Clarke . Identifying a knowledge gap in the workforce regarding the job application process , the founder saw the potential in developing a method to help train people to fill this gap . SP " Job Toolbox is here to address that gaping hole , by giving people the skills they need to get a job , " said Wyman - Clarke . The founder also noticed that a lot of workers were dissatisfied with their current roles , another market for Job Toolbox to tap into . SP " Current estimates say between 50 to 80 percent of most people are dissatisfied with their work , depending on which survey you 're looking at , " she said . " When you 're satisfied with your job , your whole well - being is affected . " Wyman - Clarke herself , like many people during their career , had experienced dissatisfaction in a job in the past . Role satisfaction has been a widely debated topic between researchers , with many stating that it increases productivity and general happiness , while some suggest otherwise . SP Regardless , the Job Toolbox workshops look to predominantly target employees who are moving one from one professional role to another , although the content has relevance to recent graduates and industry veterans too . " Our audience stretches from 18 year olds who just left school to people approaching retirement age , " said Wyman - Clarke . To educate this wide audience , the startup founder ensured the workshop 's content covers the entire job application process , from figuring out a career objective to practicing for interviews . SP Having built the entire toolkit from scratch , the workshop also educates attendees on developing their LinkedIn profile , creating a strong resume , predicting interview questions , and negotiating salary . The workshops run across Australia 's capital cities on a rotating cycle , with Wyman - Clarke herself currently acting as the lone facilitator ; fresh blood is on the way , however . SP " These workshops are currently held in capital cities , but we 're hoping we can get some money to move into regional towns , " Wyman - Clarke said , adding she understands the difficulties people living in regional areas can experience when applying to jobs in major cities . Workshop attendees are provided with physical worksheets and templates which are filled out during the session . After being guided through forming a comprehensive career plan , attendees learn how to make their resume " pop " out to recruiters , a factor which the founder highlighted as a vital factor in the job application process . " You really have to have a high quality resume to get to the interview . A lot of people give information that is n't accurate or relevant to the job , " she said . The same notion applies to interviews , where the founder advised that a lot of applicants provide answers that deviate from the relevant topic . Following other activities , the workshop ends on learning how to negotiate a salary , a rather " taboo " topic which is n't often addressed in Australia . SP " We look into how to do the research so you know how much you should be getting paid . The entire toolkit is designed to you can re - use it again for any role you apply for in your career , " said the founder . Job Toolbox workshops cost $ 550 to attend , with attendees gaining the option to have follow up chats with staff either face - to - face or over Skype for a smaller fee . SP While the workshops are currently offline , Wyman - Clarke said she is looking into developing an e - learning platform later this year to help reach a wider audience about Australia . In the meantime , the Job Toolbox website will be looking to build out its content offering , to give job seekers easy tips .
Digital All Stars is a series of articles which aims to celebrate the best of South African digital . The articles , which will appear on Memeburn and Ventureburn , recognise and celebrate South Africa 's best digital entrepreneurs , business people , advertisers , and media professionals among others . In this piece we take a look at some interesting African startups involved in developing artificial intelligence ( AI ) solutions . SP South African startup DataProphet last year received a significant investment of an undisclosed amount from Yellowwoods Capital Holdings to expand its international offering . As part of the deal , DataProphet will act as the advanced analytics partner for the group . The startup , based in Cape Town , has developed various machine - learning interventions , mainly for the finance and insurance sector . It has also added a number of large industrial and fast - moving consumer goods clients , some of which are international clients . Among the applications the startup has designed are a conversational agent for inquiries and a solution to detect emotion via image which has been integrated into a game for major Japanese publisher Bandai Namco . Daniel Schwartzkopff ( pictured right , with co - founder Frans Cronje ) says four years on the company has seen it now turning a profit and no longer relying on " burning VC funds " . The company has 18 employees and Schwartzkopff says their immediate plans include fleshing out its product offering for the conversational agent and expanding overseas sales , primarily in the US ( the company already has a sales office in San Francisco ) . " It is very cost effective for US businesses to utilise DataProphet as we have a major cost advantage by operating out of SA , " he adds . SP Founded in 2011 by Dayne and Ryan Falkenberg ( pictured here ) and Mark Pederson , the Stellenbosch - based company uses virtual advisors on artificial intelligence platforms to advise sales and technical consultants . The platform has been adopted by a wide number of large organisations in the banking , insurance , telecommunications , oil & gas , software and electronics sectors . These clients typically have large numbers of staff dealing with sales , service and operations . Clevva has since its inception been entirely self - funded by the company 's co - founders and directors . At present the company has a team of seven . The startup has been recognised by a wide range of industry bodies , including being showcased by Gartner in 2015 as one of six African Innovations and selected by Microsoft to be part of its BizSpark programme . Clevva is looking to expand globally , starting with the UK and Australia and then heading to the US in the next 12 to 18 months . SP Founded by Benji Meltzer and James Paterson ( pictured left and right , respectively ) in 2014 , Cape Town based Aerobotics develops AI systems for drones . The company uses AI to assist farming consultants in South Africa , Australia and the UK to analyse processed maps and extract actionable information to identify problem areas in crops such as wheat , macadamia nuts , citrus and sugar cane . This enables the company to develop variable rate fertilisation application maps and predict the yield of crops . " We have built technology that goes as far as identifying and classifying individual trees ( using computer vision and machine learning ) and then additional algorithms that track each of these trees , with a number of metrics per tree ( health , biomass , canopy area , etc ) over time , " explains Meltzer . So far , the startup , which has 11 employees and has previously been selected for Startupbootcamp Insurtech accelerator programme in London , has used its own funds to finance operations , but signed a term sheet in March for its first round of funding . " The tech is at a point now where we 're ready to scale operations and we 're looking to build partnerships with major players in industry . In the future we 'd like to explore additional industries that would be interested in this data , " says Meltzer . SP Nigerian startup Kudi.ai has developed a chatbot which allows users to make payments and send money to friends and family in Nigeria via messaging . The company is a graduate of the YCombinator Winter 2017 batch . Pelumi Aboluwarin ( pictured above , left with co - founder Yinka Adewale ) says the founders began working on Kudi in July last year . " We registered an entity two months after and ran a private beta in December 2016 . We launched publicly in January 2017 , " says Aboluwarin . The company has seven employees . The company uses AI to understand user requests , drive conversations , understand user spending habits and prevent fraud . " We developed it in - house using a variety of machine learning techniques , " says Aboluwarin . The startup has put together a business - to - business solution too , which it is piloting with banks and telecommunication companies . " After YCombinator we ' ve raised additional seed funding from a group of angel investors in the valley and in Nigeria , " says Aboluwarin . SP Founded by former equity - derivatives specialist Annabel Dallamore ( pictured here ) together with Julian Dallamore and Mark Karimov in 2013 , Johannesburg startup Stockshop.co.za offers a number of artificial intelligence solutions to financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies . These include a conversational user interface ( a bot in its infancy ) that match - makes available financial consultants or brokers with client leads . The startup has also developed a bot interface that completes real - time identity verification checks on behalf of banks and financial institutions in line with requirements under the Financial Intelligence Centre Act ( FICA ) . The startup has also developed a solution that uses an algorithm that pairs financial behaviour , spending and other data along with emotional cues and provides clients with assistance around financial matters such as payments , administration , rewards , education , analytics and tracking . It 's also launched a micro - insurance platform in April that is unique to the African market . In 2013 the company received support from the Seed Engine accelerator and has raised funding from two angel investors and a venture capital fund , for an undisclosed sum . It now has 11 employees . SP Nigerian startup Aajoh uses artificial intelligence to help individuals that send a list of their symptoms via text , audio and photographs , to diagnose their medical condition . The business was started in February last year -- by Simi Adejumo ( who is the CEO and pictured above ) , Zuby Onwuta , Vikas Ramachandra , Ike Ilochonwu and Charles Ademola -- with an angel investment of $ 10 000 . The company has two companies and 35 users signed up for its pilot programme . " Our present go - to - market strategy involves getting companies to sign up to the platform as part of staff health benefits , " says Adejumo . Adejumo said the app wo n't replace medical diagnoses but will allow doctors to make the best use of their time by allowing them to focus on the patients that need physical care . " In frontier markets , there 's a high patient to doctor ratio with Nigeria having a 4000 to one patient - to - doctor ratio , in proper context on the average an individual spends about 20 minutes with a GP , so assuming the population fell ill ( all ) at once , it would take over 55 days to get care , " he says . The company 's immediate plans are to grow its pilot programme and then expand to India . " By August we aim to have implemented partnerships with key pharmacies across Lagos and Abuja , Nigeria and increased our user base to 1000 . " Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in Startups
TomTom announced today that it has acquired Autonomos - a Berlin - based autonomous driving startup . The acquisition will help TomTom to further develop autonomous driving services . Financial details about the acquisition deal have not been disclosed . Autonomos has provided Research & Development consultancy services for automated vehicle assistance systems and has built up expertise and technologies in the process . Full demonstration - level autonomous driving software stack , 3D sensor technology , and digital image processing - all these are products that the company has been working on . Autonomos was founded in 2012 and is based in Berlin . The founders had previously worked on successful research projects on autonomous driving at the Free University of Berlin . Tinosch Ganjineh , CEO and co - founder of Autonomos : " We are proud to have been selected by the world leader in map making for bringing autonomous driving together to the next level . TomTom 's technology combined with our intelligent driving know - how are a perfect match to make the dream of self - driving cars become a reality " . The team will advance TomTom 's map - based products for autonomous driving applications . Having an in - house autonomous driving stack will enable TomTom to better serve customers with its products , including its HD map , RoadDNA localisation technology , as well as its navigation , traffic and other cloud services . Harold Goddijn , CEO and co - founder of TomTom : " This is an important development for us as it will help to continue to strengthen our capabilities for the future of driving and expand our knowledge and expertise . With this deal we are further positioning ourselves as one of the leaders in autonomous driving . "
Ripl Chairman Andrew Wright and CEO Paul Ingalls . SP Ripl is raising more cash as the company sees more traction with its app that lets people create visual marketing content . The Seattle startup has reeled in another $ 3 million from existing investors . Trilogy Equity Partners led the round , which pushes total funding to $ 7.5 million to date . Other backers include angel investors like Mike Galgon , Richard Fade , Geoff Entress , Rudy Gadre , Charles Fitzgerald , and others . Ripl 's app lets small businesses -- restaurant owners , fitness instructors , real estate agents , etc . -- create visual content that they can use for social media marketing . It 's a free app , but users can pay $ 9.99 per month to access premium features like additional designs , custom logos , music libraries , scheduled posts , and more . Since last year , the company 's paying customer base has grown by 20X and it just passed 1 million installs of the app , with more than 250,000 active small business users on the platform . It is currently the fourth - highest grossing photo and video app in the App Store . Ripl CEO Paul Ingalls told GeekWire that the vision going forward is to not only provide a way for small business owners to create social media content , but to give them a " marketing team in their pocket . " " We believe we can provide a platform that simply and skillfully reduces the complexity of marketing while keeping the price point at less than three lattes a month , " he noted . Ingalls said he and his 15-person team are big believers in the impact entrepreneurship can have around the world , both from an economic and social standpoint . He sees Ripl as one way to reduce barriers of entry for small business owners and help them sustain their operations . " By providing the skills of a marketing team to these entrepreneurs , we can help increase the success rates of their businesses , " he said . Ripl COO Clay McDaniel said the company will add new features like personalized recommendations and new languages as it aims to give users a holistic marketing tool on their mobile devices . " Our team fervently believes that entrepreneurship is going to be an engine of business growth over the next several decades on a global scale , " McDaniel said . " The mobile internet revolution enables control of your own economic destiny . " Ripl went through a series of pivots before eventually landing on Ripl . Ingalls and Ripl Chairman Andrew Wright , who previously worked together at Redmond - based Smilebox and Seattle - based RealNetworks , originally tried to crack into the sports content business back in 2012 with an app called Fanzo . They quickly realized that Fanzo was not differentiated enough from other sports - related services and shifted to the first iteration of Ripl , which helped social media influencers leverage their online fanbase to make money . Ripl began to see some traction , but the app was n't seeing enough user growth or monetization uptick . The startup decided to narrow its focus on one pillar of the app -- visual content creation -- and that 's what ultimately led to what Ripl is today . SP
TC is taking over Manhattan this week with three simultaneous events on Thursday , culminating in the TC Trivia Throwdown . You could think of it as a block party , but with far more people staring into their iPhone screens and zero hotdogs . From 5:30 to 7:30 , there will be three events across various Manhattan locations . The first is the TC INCLUDE Pitch Practice , in collaboration with the ELEVACAO Foundation , which will give women and under - represented founders the chance to work on their pitch and practice in front of a group of tech influencers . They 'll also have a chance to win prizes and a Startup Alley table at Disrupt NY . Check it out here . They 'll also have a chance to win prizes and a Startup Alley table at Disrupt NY . Check it out here . The second event , also from 5:30 to 7:30pm , is a Flash Pitch event in collaboration with Future Labs , which will let six NY - based startups pitch their wares to a panel of investors , tech leaders and TC editors . Startups competing in the Flash Pitch will get two minutes to pitch and answer hardball questions from the panel , with the winner taking a table in the Startup Alley . Flash Pitch will be held at the WeWork Times Square location . Check it out here . Flash Pitch will be held at the WeWork Times Square location . Check it out here . The third event is TC Pitch Practice with Jon Shieber . At Pitch Practice , you 'll be able to get some one - on - one time with Jon and figure out the very best way to tell your story and build your network with a simple pitch . Pitch Practice with Jon Shieber is going down at the WeWork Bryant Park location . Check it out here . Pitch Practice with Jon Shieber is going down at the WeWork Bryant Park location . Check it out here . Then , starting at 7 pm , we head into the main event : the TC Trivia Throwdown with Jordan Crook ( that 's me ! ) . Imagine Trivia Night at your local bar , but every trivia question is about the tech world . Yep , you 'd kill it ! I 'll be hosting the event and my hope is that it will let the NYC tech community come together , network , and participate in some friendly competition . Folks can register on their own and team up when they arrive , or you can start planning now and form The Avengers of tech knowledge . The TC Trivia Throwdown will be held at Stage 48 , and you must be 21 to attend . Check it out here .
In a survey by PBS , teachers reported that technology is beneficial in the classroom because it enables them to reinforce and expand on content ( 74 percent ) , motivate students to learn ( 74 percent ) , and respond to a variety of learning styles ( 73 percent ) . In Arizona , the edtech ecosystem is exploding with over 40 companies that have generated over 1,000 jobs and captured over $ 100 million in capital in the last few years . For teachers and students , there are new solutions that can help streamline processes , facilitate learning , and more , that is being developed in Arizona . Check out these top 10 edtech companies that are thriving in the desert . SP This startup is the first student financial aid self - service platform . This tool helps students by simplifying financial aid forms by streamlining and personalizing the forms and helps administrators of institutions get financial aid insights instantly about their student population and modernize award letters . This company is the creator of the industry - leading Synergy Education Platform for K-12 student information and learning management . The Platform unites distinct K-12 data management functions in one fully - integrated solution , creating systemwide data connections that help improve administrative processes and learning outcomes without the hassle of third - party system integrations . Synergy offers school districts and service centers comprehensive functionality with fewer software licenses , fewer vendors , and a single point of contact to get support for everything . One great function of Edupoint is that it 's accessible on mobile , furthering its reach through ease of accessibility . This edtech company enables students to easily send their academic credentials from their school to future employers . With one place to collect all of the credentials they earn , it 's simple to send official transcripts , diplomas or certificates to destinations around the globe . Since 2003 , their platform has helped millions of people and thousands of schools and universities exchange more than 20 million transcripts and other credentials globally . Considered the next generation of social learning , Notebowl helps teachers interact organically with their students with fewer emails . It helps them create quizzes , grade assignments , broadcast lectures , organizing groups , and more , with ease through their own homepage . SP This company , ran by educators , works to improve student outcomes . It offers over 200 core , AP , honors , and extra curricular courses in its curriculum for middle and high school students that are based on research and are Common Core , NGSS , and state - standards aligned . In 2017 , they launched the Upsmart Test Readiness solution , a supplemental test readiness program designed to help students in grades 6 - 8 demonstrate mastery in math and English language arts . To date , the company has served well over two million students . SP Picmonic is a research proven audiovisual mnemonic tool that helps students retain and recall information . The Picmonic founders and at the time medical students recognized that learning through photos and pictures helps with retention and their test scores . As a result , they began to pair drawings with story and audio , put it online to create the ultimate studying system and began to build a company . Picmonic expanded from science for medical students to K-12 topics , test prep , a variety of college subjects , and more . They also launched a public beta where the community can develop their own mnemonics . SP Picmonic mnemonic for Penicillin = Pencil - Villan After watching the trends in student test scores worsen when using human - proctored remote exams , Proctorio revolutionized remote proctored exams . This software is an automated remote proctor that provides a scalable , cost - effective solution to validating student identities and activity during online exams . It assures teachers that the student is the one taking the test and confirms their online activity during the exam . Proctorio has the goal to better higher education worldwide and decrease costs for schools . StormWind brings a live , Hollywood - HD quality experience to the world of e - learning . Their technology creates and delivers interactive online training that is personal and engaging . They offer individual IT courses such as enterprise Linux , cybersecurity and Windows Server , for an affordable price . User testimonies boast of Stormwind 's courses being a sound investment and well worth their time . This edtech company developed 6th-12th grade digital curriculum delivered through a state - of - the - art online classroom / Learning Management System ( LMS ) . Its curriculum engages students with relevant content delivered through interactive formats and immersive mediums that resonate with today 's digital native learners and designed to bring key concepts to life and help students master critical skills . This company is a leading IT consulting , services , and support provider specializing in open source for the education technology market . Recently , they announced that it has joined the Instructure Partner Program as an Instructure Certified Partner . Instructure is a leading software - as - a - service ( SaaS ) technology company that developed the Canvas learning management system ( LMS ) . They have provided clients with ' best - fit ' solutions to solve business challenges for the last 20 years . Read more about edtech around the country at Tech . Co .
A range of Australian startups have emerged over the last few years aiming to solve problems for consumers in the financial services space , with one of the particularly hot niches being money management . From personal budgeting apps to robo - investment platforms , it seems there is almost a solution for every need . Coming at money management from a different angle is Sydney startup Nod . Founded by Joel Robbie , Jesse Skelton , and New York - based Adam Parker , the startup looks to help people get financial advice on - demand ; users can ask a question , pick an adviser , receive their advice , pay through the platform , and then be on their way . Robbie identified the need for such a service after three years spent working with his family in their restaurant in Newtown . " It was an emotional purchase which was meant to replace the income of my Dad , who had terminal cancer . The whole thing was just really hard from start to finish , especially for us as people who were n't particularly savvy when it came to money , " he explained . " There was no easy outlet to ask questions when we had them . We agonised over decisions for weeks and months and often the outcome was n't a great one . " So Robbie came up with the idea for a place where people could go when they were stressed about money to find an expert to help them make a good decision quickly . " Our mission is to ensure all people feel confident and in control when it comes to their financial decisions . We think the price of financial advice today means it is only available to rich people and people over 55 , " Robbie said . " That 's why only 20 percent of adults in Australia use a financial adviser , a ridiculously low number . Young people have as much to gain from great advice about money and we 're here to make sure they have access to it . " As such , the startup 's target market are young people - generally those under 35 - who do not currently have a financial adviser but are making big money decisions around things like buying a car or house , getting married , starting a family , or launching a business . " Our pitch to them is that we know they are stressed out about making financial decisions , but that the price to go and see a financial adviser is expensive , it 's inconvenient to go and see someone , and the process is confronting , " Robbie explained . " People do n't necessarily want a comprehensive financial plan for their life , they just want an answer to a question about money that is stressing them out that day . " A customer using Nod would ask a question , receive bids from advisers containing information around cost and their experience , pick an adviser , and then get their advice , wrapping it all up with a payment . If need be , customers can securely connect their bank account to Nod in order to give an adviser a better understanding of their financial situation . Advisers signing on are vetted by Nod after providing information such as their ABN , license details , and their LinkedIn profile . Advisers currently set their own fees , with Robbie explaining that each bid they make it competitive as they understand it 's a marketplace model ; the startup is working on building a ' suggested fee ' function . " Our customers are completely in control of the whole process ; there is transparency for them the whole way along from seeing the bids and credentials of advisers right through to getting their advice . They also do n't pay for their advice until after they receive it , " Robbie said . To further build out its offering for customers , Robbie said Nod is currently building an AI function that will be able to answer questions , as well as identify personalised opportunities for people to invest or save . Though the concept of on - demand , one - off financial advice might be new , there is competition facing Nod in this space depending on what needs consumers have , from traditional financial advisers to the likes of online adviser aggregators such as AdviserRatings robo - investment platforms like Acorns or Stockspot , and personal finance management apps such as MoneyBrilliant . Robbie believes traditional face - to - face advice is " slow , expensive , and not aligned to the on - demand culture developing in society " , while advice through Nod costs " less than the annual cost of a Netflix subscription " . An example on the Nod homepage shows ' Nick ' asking for the best way to consolidate his five super accounts , wondering which he should move them all into ; for $ 35 ' Jessica ' explained he should find the fund with the best returns historically for its members with low fees , provided a list of recommended funds , and asked if Nick would like her to organise the consolidation process on his behalf . Working with a financial adviser on an ongoing basis costs significantly more than $ 35 - but of course , it depends on what you need . After a year of bootstrapping , Nod has this year joined the H2 Accelerator , receiving funding from H2 Ventures . It also won the first local Startup Games , run by the UK Department of International Trade , in Sydney at the end of last month , with the gathered audience awarding the startup PS110 million in virtual funding throughout the course of the day . As part of its prize , the startup will have the chance to travel to the UK as part of a delegation , meeting with the fintech community in London . Robbie said , " Our goals are to grow our business and help as many people as possible get great advice about money . "
The FCC , Congress and the Trump Administration recently reversed proposed rules curtailing internet providers from gathering and selling sensitive customer data to marketers . This new freedom that allows companies like Verizon , AT&T and CenturyLink to enjoy the same data access as internet giants like Facebook , Google and Twitter has increased concern among Americans around internet privacy . What is the impact on entrepreneurs and businesses ? Here are three serious considerations : Consumers have become increasingly connected and are constantly sharing information online . They are researching , purchasing and using online products and services , via any number of connected devices . They are also opting in to share their preferences as part of interactions on social media and search sites . All of this customer data is being collected by device manufacturers , desktop and mobile apps , internet providers and mobile operators for their own purposes or to sell to other businesses . In many cases , consumers are happy to share information like photos , opinions and locations over Facebook , Snapchat and Twitter . But , when it comes to other , often highly personal aspects of their life -- health , wealth and family -- they are more protective . According to a recent survey conducted by my company , AnchorFree , a staggering majority of Americans -- 95 percent -- are concerned about businesses collecting and selling personal information without permission . Additionally , over 80 percent are more concerned about their online privacy and security today than a year ago . This means that your customers are thinking about privacy when they visit your website , use your app , and purchase your products and services . What are you doing to demonstrate to your customers that their privacy is important to your company ? Most businesses today are connected to other business partners in our highly interdependent world commerce . Businesses may be using a hosted webstore , a separate email marketing provider and a different website hosting operation . All of them deploy different ways of dealing with customer 's information . The same goes for other business partners , like affiliate marketing and associations . When businesses offer or receive customer referrals , that information is coming and going and potentially exposed and treated differently by each entity . This distributed approach to information exposure means businesses need to think more broadly and deeply about privacy . Privacy is n't just a few paragraphs that are buried deep in a terms and conditions of use page in your website . Privacy is embedded in everyday interactions with customers . Privacy is something that can impact a brand , disrupt the customer experience and potentially damage a company 's reputation . According to a Harvard Business Review study , 72 percent of Americans are reluctant to share information with businesses because they " just want to maintain [ their ] privacy . " And Deloitte , as a part of a study about consumer trust and data protection , explains that data privacy and security is not just a risk management issue , but a " potential source of competitive advantage that may be a central component of brand - building and corporate reputation . " Privacy should be a product issue , not just a policy issue . Protecting user privacy will enable you to drive more revenue and gain more customers . Safeguarding customer privacy is more than a protective measure ; it is also a strategic opportunity for brand growth and a potential business opportunity for startups and entrepreneurs , as well as large companies . Now that the Administration and Congress are clearing the way for ISPs to collect and sell customer information , more than half of Americans are saying they will investigate additional ways to safeguard their personal information , according to the survey . Much of that concern may stem from the increased number of connected technology devices that contain personal information . Gartner , Inc. forecasts that 8.4 billion connected devices -- everything from phones to new household devices swept into the internet of things market -- SP will be in use worldwide in 2017 , up 31 percent from 2016 , and will reach 20.4 billion by 2020 . This increase in connected devices , combined with the increasing consumer concern around security and privacy breaches , will further drive the already substantial market opportunity around privacy . While the previous billion - user companies like Google and Facebook have been built on collecting data , it 's projected that the next billion user companies are going to be built around protecting user data . Entrepreneurs and startups have an opportunity to build new business as a result of this emerging reorientation around privacy and trust . Business opportunities will surface around privacy platforms and services for businesses and consumers . There are steps that any business can take to incorporate best practices for protecting customer 's information . First and foremost , start incorporating privacy into your products , not just into your privacy policy . To show that your business takes privacy seriously , provide customers with tips on safeguarding their own privacy when conducting business , such as : These steps and considerations will go a long way in protecting customers ' privacy as well as protecting your business . David Gorodyansky co - founded AnchorFree at the age of 23 with a belief that all users should be in control on the web . Passionate about enabling open communication , social business and changing the world , Gorodyansky set out on a mission to ...
Despite the fun games , education websites , and entertaining apps , the internet can be a pretty inappropriate place for teens . From social media trolls to hook - up apps , kids with smartphones is one of the biggest stress inducers for parents . Fortunately , one company has made monitoring and managing your child 's social media activity a priority . Xooloo , a San Francisco - based startup , has made social media monitoring easier than ever before . Their upcoming app will provides parents with the control they need to make sure their children are n't downloading inappropriate apps or spending too much time on the apps that they deem acceptable under their roof . " We think new technology is an opportunity for children , not a threat , " said Gregory Veret on the company 's F6S page . " We believe this is a revolution that will help children transform the world and make it better . Our mission is to remove all the barriers that block access to new technologies for children . This is why Xooloo develops services that revolutionize the digital experience for children to make it safe , fun and simply delightful . " The app has two major modes : adult and child . The adult apps allows parents to see how long children are spending on particular apps , and it allows them to restrict usage to a specific time period . Parents can also disable apps that they are n't familiar with until they have made sure they 're appropriate for their children . They can even disable the entire smartphone so that kinds are forced to enjoy a little screen - less time . As for the child 's part of the app , kids will be able to request more time with the simple push of a button . They have leave notes for their parents to make their case for more time on a specific app , and even negotiate when they are denied . Xooloo is set to launch in a little more than three weeks and has parents around the world itching to get their hands on it . The app was deemed one of the CES Innovation Award Honorees and is sure to impress more than just attendees when they have finally launched . SP Photo : Flickr / Jason Howie SP
London - based venture capital firm Notion Capital has closed its third fund , Notion Capital III LP , at $ 140 m ( PS107 million ) . The fund 's closure comes almost two years after it was first announced at $ 120 million , and at the time Notion noted that it planned to grow the fund to $ 150 million by the end of 2015 . As announced previously , the pot of cash will go toward enterprise - focused SaaS and cloud startups based in Europe . Notable new investors include Cisco 's VC arm , Cisco Investments , as well as Emory and Texas A&M university endowments in the U.S. and Ireland 's Key Capital . Alongside Notion Capital III , the company also revealed a brand new , separate $ 80 million ( PS60 million ) fund , Notion Capital Opportunities LP , that will be used for later - stage follow - on funding for its existing portfolio of startups . It 's a fairly flexible fund , meaning it can go toward " the best performing " companies in its existing cohort of companies from across all three venture funds . Founded in 2009 , Notion Capital was set up by brothers Ben and Jos White after selling their company , MessageLabs , to Symantec for $ 700 million . Notion Capital 's two previous funds amounted to around $ 150 million in total , so today 's news more than doubles its resources . Additionally , Notion has also appointed two new partners , Chrys Chrysanthou and Patrick Norris , who have been promoted from other positions within the VC firm . " We set up Notion in 2009 in the midst of the worst financial crisis in a generation , at a time when the venture asset class remained unproven in Europe , " explained Notion 's managing partner , Stephen Chandler . " Indeed , our U.S. friends seemed largely dismissive of it . We did this on the back of a very successful exit of our own with MessageLabs , which reinforced our view on the opportunity . The cloud , which sits at the very heart of our investment thesis , means that great entrepreneurs -- of which there are many in Europe ! -- can develop , deploy , sell , and support their product globally in ways that were simply not possible a decade ago - and can create huge value in doing so . "
Studying French through high school and university and then spending a year in France on exchange , language tools like Google Translate were my best friends , helping me decipher what it was that my lecturer on the history of France at sea in the 17th century was actually on about . A new tool looking to help facilitate multilingual communication in real - time is DoTalk , a startup founded in Cairns by Reno Nicastro . The DoTalk platform allows users to message each other via text or speech , with the each user 's communications translated into the other 's language of choice instantly . The app currently supports instant text translation for 90 languages , and instant voice translation for 50 . Nicastro felt the need for such a platform after travelling to Mongolia three years ago to meet with business partners for a fundraising project . " Sitting through eight hour meetings with potential partners and a translator , I felt a sense of frustration communicating through a middleman , " Nicastro explained . " Envisioning how great it would be to have a laptop in front of us both , so we could speak with each other in our own native languages and cut down meeting times by two - thirds , I decided then and there that the world needed a simple solution to allow two parties to speak together , whether they happen to be in the same room or across the other side of the world . " The DoTalk team has melded a number of translation APIs and speech recognition tools to develop the platform , with the main problems to solve being speed and accuracy of the translation . " Successful translation is about translating the sentence quickly . If the translation takes too long , the service is not helpful and we will lose the user , " he said . " Translations in most languages are 80 to 90 percent accurate , other languages 70 to 80 percent accurate . We needed to ensure the translations were accurate enough that the user would get value from using DoTalk versus some other method of translation , [ which ] might be a physical person or other software . " The app works by having a user register and pick their chosen language . From there they can invite friends , noting each other user 's native language . They can then begin messaging each other , with messages translated in real time if they are working in different languages . With development funded by a network of friends and family , Nicastro has focused much time on testing , travelling to five countries last year to see what different people need from the app . He said around 3,000 people then signed up for the app 's beta , from which the key learning gathered was that keeping sentences short and sweet leads to greater accuracy of translations . " The longer the sentence , the more opportunity for errors to creep in , " he said . To combat this , the app reminds users that shorter sentences translate better . There is , of course , still the issue of cultural context and expressions getting lost in translation - that 's how Google Translate always got my class into trouble with our French homework - but this will likely become less of an issue as the system learns . When it comes to users , Nicastro defines DoTalk 's target market as simply " anyone that can gain value from talking to people who speak a different language " . He said , " This could be in business , by helping a supplier and customer communicate . It could be in tourism by helping a traveller and a resort or restaurant communicate better or it could be via a student wanting to talk to another student somewhere else in the world . " The platform has a free tier for one on one conversations , with a premium subscription , starting at US$ 7.99 per month if paid monthly , enabling group chats . The startup is also building out an ' app exchange ' , or third party integrations to add more to its service , particularly important as it looks to develop DoTalk as a business solution . The scope for the app here is significant , with the global language services market - incorporating the linkes of translation , globalisation , and interpretation - estimated to grow to $ 45 billion by 2020 as businesses become increasingly global . Among the other companies working in the space is Doppler Labs , creator of the ' smart listening ' Here One earbuds , which allow the user to set them up to block out certain sounds but allow others , such as a doorbell or phone ringing , to get through . The company 's big plans for the Here One include real - time , in - ear translation , with Doppler Labs ' vice president of research and development Jeff Baker saying , " Language is audio , and it 's a pretty amazing thing to do , to alter language . "
Looking to get into the South African startup scene or scratch up on some of your skills ? Well , you ' ve come to the right place . There are loads of competitions , networking sessions and workshops happening around South Africa and the rest of the continent ( namely Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana ) that we ' ve rounded up to make your life a bit easier . This article is part of a weekly series that highlights all the top startup competitions , networking sessions , workshops and conferences around South Africa , and the greater region . If you have any event recommendations for us to add to the list , or next week 's , please let us know in the comments below or send us an email . Not all of the events are free and some will require booking in advance . Please click on the event names to find out more information . Lean ( Startup ) Coffee For people working in startups , lean ( startup ) coffee is a weekly 1-hour coffee that runs a mash - up of leancoffee.org with theleanstartup.com . Unlike other startup meetups , lean ( startup ) coffee is agendaless , speakerless and talks about what you care about . We each propose topics , vote on them and talk about the most popular ones for a few minutes . Come visit to see how it works . Date : 25 January , 8:30 m to 9:30am Location : TRUTH . coffeecult , 1 Somerset Road , Green Point Techstars-4-A - Day After the successful first programme in 2016 the Barclays Accelerato o , powered by Techstars , will be launching another cohort in 2017 . To learn more about the Accelerator , join us for the Techstars-4-a - Day event . Techstars-4-a - day offers a sneak peak into Techstars . The day event will showcase each aspect of a Techstars program : Date : 25 January , 9:00am to 6:30pm Location : Barclays Rise , 5th Floor , Block B , Woodstock Exchange , 66 Albert Road Elevating team performance through effective communication Why do some teams succeed and others , in the same environment , fail ? The answer is communication . Patterns of communication are the greatest predictor of team performance - more than personality , skill and substance combined . The key lies not in the volume or content but rather in the manner in which team members communicate with each other . This talk will outline the elements of communication displayed within successful teams and take participants through retrospective activities that will help Scrum teams develop strategies for better communication . Date : 26 January , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : CODEX , P3 Terrace Level , Portswood Square , Portswood Rd , V & A Waterfront Startup Grind : Matsi Modise ( SiMODiSA ) Matsi Modise is the Managing Director of SiMODiSA , an industry association whose mission is to accelerate entrepreneurship in South Africa . She is the founder of Furaha Afrika Holding ( Pty ) Ltd and former National Executive Director of the South African Black Entrepreneurs Forum ( SABEF ) . Date : 24 January , 6:00pm to 9:00pm Location : Standard Bank Incubator , 5 Cradock Ave , Rosebank Business Networking Focusing on building long term business relationships through word of mouth referrals . We are looking for professionals in selected industries to join us and were we tap into one another 's networks to grow each of our businesses . Date : 25 January , 7:00am to 8:30am Location : The Street Cafe ( Rosebank Union Church ) , 40 St Andrews Road Breakfast Business Networking The Purpose of this Business Networking meeting is to offer you the business owner a networking platform to promote your business / service . To meet new like minded business owners . Date : 25 January , 8:30am Location : Piza e Vino Eagles Landing , Corner of Scott and Christiaan de Wet Rd , Randpark Ridge Tshwane Entrepreneurial Talk It'ss a program designed to develop young people into entrepreneurship , providing them with a platform to interact with prominent business leaders and Government Institutions . The very most idea of the entrepreneurial Talk is to motivate both current and aspiring entrepreneurs and change their mindset about entrepreneurship . We aim to turn entrepreneurship into a lifestyle in South Africa . Date : 27 January , 11:00am to 1:00pm Location : Es'kia Mphahlele Community Library , 347 Vermeulen Street , Pretoria # WhatsNext FinTech in Partnership with Visa Nest in partnership with Visa are hosting a forum on the future of finance and technology on the 25th of January at Metta Nairobi ( 6F Belgravia Building at 14 Riverside ) in the early evening . The event dubbed # WhatsNext brings together some of the most brilliant people in payments space to ask them , # WhatsNext ? Date : 25 January , 5:00pm to 8:00pm Location : Metta Nairobi , 14 Riverside Drive , Nairobi , Nairobi County Entrepreneurial meeting : 2017 kick off This year we kick off 2017 in a high note . With our first entrepreneurs meet up in Nairobi . Are you an aspiring entrepreneur , do you have a start up , are you investing in something , are you looking for and investor , do you want to grow your nextworks , Date : 27 January , 5:00pm to 8:00pm Location : Diamond Hotel , Tom Mboya Street , Nairobi City , Nairobi County The Entrepreneurs forum There is never a perfect time to LIVE your DREAM . YOU are the DREAM and the TIME is NOW to awaken yourself by acting it out . You do n't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great . Today is the day to change your course of action ; Join us at our Entrepreneurs Forum and begin your journey to a life of financial freedom . Date : 26 January , 12:00pm to 2:00pm Location : Surulere , 103 , Ojuelegba road , Surulere , Lagos , Lagos Womenpreneur Seminar for Women Entrepreneurs in Nigeria A successful business is usually evidence of a highly skilled and informed business owner . Come and learn a variety of skills such as book - keeping , pricing , marketing and many more designed to give your business the extra edge needed to succeed . Date : 26 January , 9:00am to 4:00pm Location : Ibadan , Mauve 21 Event Centre , MKO Abiola Way ( Ring Road ) , Ibadan , Ibadan , Oyo 8 Things that drive the value of a business This webinar hosted by Steve Sutton on the 8 Things That Drive Company Value is dedicated to business owners . If you 're like a lot of entrepreneurs , you use your Profit & Loss statement as your report card at the end of the year . You may even use your P&L to figure out what your company is worth by applying a multiple to your profit . Date : 26 January , 6:00pm Location : Online SP Have a startup event that you 'd like featured on next week 's event roundup ? Send us an email . Feature image : Jorge Lascar via Flickr .
Maple , a food delivery startup that launched in New York City in 2015 , announced in a letter that it will be closing shop today . " Over the past several months we ' ve been spending most of our time thinking about the future of our business -- what comes next for Maple ? The more time we spent trying to answer this question , the more evident it became that of all the paths we had contemplated , the most compelling next step in Maple 's story involved a shift from our current approach , " the letter reads . " While an incredibly difficult decision for us given the effect on our core operations , it became clear that we needed to close the Maple operation here in New York and look for a partner with scale -- one that would allow us to leverage all that we had built across a broader platform . " Maple had a preset menu for lunch and dinner every day of the week , excluding Saturdays . Meals could be ordered on Seamless , Maple 's homepage , or on Maple 's app , which is available on both iOS and Android . Each meal is whipped up by line cooks in one of the startup 's five kitchens before being handed over to a delivery person who brings it to its destination . Maple was founded by Caleb Merkl and Akshay Navle . It raised $ 22 million in Series A funding in March 2015 . Greenoaks Capital led the round , with contributions from Thrive Capital , Primary Ventures , Bonobos CEO Andy Dunn , and Momofuku founder David Chang . It had previously raised $ 4 million in seed funding in November 2014 . According to leaked documents that were reported on by Recode in December , Maple appeared to have lost money on every meal in 2015 , though it began earning a profit of 30 cents per meal by March 2016 . The documents showed that the startup was forecasting an operating loss of $ 16 million for 2016 . In an increasingly competitive space , Maple is n't the only food delivery startup to struggle and sell its parts to a competitor . Last March , SpoonRocket , a California - based delivery service , shut down and sold its IP to a Brazil - based company . In its footsteps , startups like Din and Bento have also closed down . Deliveroo , which is absorbing some of the Maple team , is one of the highly - funded competitors trying to take on incumbents like Seamless parent company GrubHub and UberEats . Deliveroo has raised nearly half a billion dollars from investors including Yuri Milner 's DST Global , Accel Partners , and General Catalyst .
Salesforce is looking to take its AppExchange to the next phase to better address the increased demand for subscription - based services within the enterprise . Today the company launched a partner program that replaces the existing independent software vendor ( ISV ) program with a completely new pricing model , support , and onboarding experience and an additional set of tools . To encourage development , Salesforce has allocated $ 100 million to incentivizing developers , startups , and ISVs . " The convergence of [ artificial intelligence , Internet of Things ] , and massive datasets has created incredible new opportunities for developers to move beyond the app and build components , intelligent bots , data streams , and more , " explained Leyla Seka , Salesforce 's executive vice president for its AppExchange . " The new AppExchange Partner Program empowers the next generation of Salesforce ISVs with a single destination for everything they need to succeed -- the training to create solutions on cutting - edge Salesforce technology and the programs to turn them into businesses with global reach . " Salesforce launched the AppExchange 11 years ago , and since that time more than 3,000 apps have been added to the marketplace and installed more than 4 million times . But a lot has changed since then -- not only at Salesforce , but also in the startup ecosystem . In order to adapt to this changing landscape , the partner program had to adapt . Here are the changes coming to the AppExchange partner program : " This is a great moment to double down because there 's so much interest in Einstein , Lightning , and Trailhead , " Seka shared . " It exemplifies our demonstration of commitment to building the largest ecosystem in the world for the enterprise . " Moving forward , a big focus will be on Salesforce 's $ 100 million platform fund that 's provided through the company 's venture arm . Though this is n't the first such investment vehicle Salesforce has created , this one is aimed squarely at building out the ecosystem to address the needs of the enterprise . According to Matt Garratt , a vice president for Salesforce Ventures , developers awarded funds will have to build something that 's in strategic alignment with the company and will help " deliver a much better solution to our customers . " While Garratt declined to disclose what an average deal size would be , the firm will invest in Series A , B , and C funding stages . Salesforce is n't going to be alone in terms of investing in startups . Garratt said that Salesforce will be working similarly to the way it did with the $ 50 million Lightning Fund , when the company partnered with Bessemer Venture Partners , Cloud Apps Capital Partners , Emergence Capital , Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers , and Lightspeed Venture Partners . Salesforce has already allocated more than $ 350 million for startups , to be spread across four funds .
startup pitches . Company : Instasleep . Headquarters : Brooklyn , New York . Founding Team : Dr Robert Lee , Why we like it : According to statistics , one in three Americans do n't get enough sleep . You might ask in our busy life what even is sleep , let alone enough sleep ? In fact it is a necessary seven hours or more a day that takes us away from the concerns of our lives and lets our dreams flourish . Now it actually sounds pretty important . However , these poor statistics are n't limited just to the US , this ratio is shared across , Canada , Ireland and the United Kingdom , among other countries . SP So if life is tying you down a little too much , it might be a good idea to consider functioning methods to walk you along the right track ... well let 's say lie you still on the right path . Instasleep is a drug - free sleep aid formulated by physicians . It contains a unique combination of 5-HTP , GABA and Melatonin . While it may sound strange , this is no nasty tasting concoction . It 's simply a non - addictive , quick - dissolving Mint Melt that pops into your mouth and does the trick . These acids and herbal supplements work together to naturally enhance sleep . 5-HTP promotes calm and deep sleep , GABA helps with relaxation and melatonin helps signal your body and mind to actually fall asleep . Going back to our trusty statistics for sleep time in the US , the mining industry shows to be one of the most affected industries with 41.6 per cent of workers getting insufficient sleep . In other industries the facts show that this includes 38 per cent of utility workers , 32 per cent of healthcare and social assistance workers and 30.3 per cent of retail workers . While some of these workers might truly be running low on time , at the very least they should have effective and quality sleep to get up and running the next day . SP There 's always methods to train your body to get efficient sleep -a dark room , consistent schedules , regular exposure to sunlight , regular exercise and relaxing activities prior to sleeping , but if you 're not dedicating the time to these strategies , a helping hand might do the trick instead . SP
Erika Bliss , co - founder and CEO of Qliance . ( Qliance Photo ) SP Qliance Medical Management Inc. -- a Seattle - based primary care provider originally backed by the likes of Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos -- is shutting down , according to sources cited by The Puget Sound Business Journal . The last day of operation for the company 's primary care clinics will be Friday , June 1 , according to an employee who spoke to the newspaper anonymously . Qliance CEO Erika Bliss told the PSBJ the company will officially close its doors June 15 , two weeks after the clinics shut down . Qliance has not responded to GeekWire 's requests for comment . Qliance was originally a well - funded startup , with a total of $ 33 million raised in 2013 . The company 's backers included Bezos , venture capitalist Nick Hanauer , Zillow Chairman Rich Barton , comedian and Seattle Sounders owner Drew Carey , Dell founder Michael Dell and others . Last March , the company was bought out by Bliss and president Cheryl Kilodavis . Bliss told GeekWire in an interview three weeks ago that she and Kilodavis wanted to keep the company under their own control , and said they were looking for alternative funding sources to investments . She said they had difficulty finding sources of funding outside the traditional venture capital world . In an internal memo from Bliss obtained by the PSBJ , she said the company was unable to find the funding to last them until they were able to find new contracts . A small team from Qliance will help transition patient needs to other providers over the next month , the memo said . It also said the company will be helping patients with essential services including urgent care and prescription needs .
Unlike bar trivia , startup competitions are about more than just winning . While the prizes , the attention , and the bragging rights are certainly beneficial to any company looking to make it big , there are more than enough benefits to taking part in a startup competition that do n't involve taking home the crown . And Tech . Co 's Startup of the Year competition at our annual conference , Innovate ! and Celebrate , is the perfect example of these kinds of added bonuses . The benefits of participating in the Startup of the Year competition are undeniable , particularly when you ask former contestants that have gone on to experience success without winning . And if you 're curious about these benefits that are n't winning , take a look below : There 's no denying that startup competitions are the best place to network . Not only are you surrounded by peers with innovative ideas that could change the world , you 're also rubbing shoulders with some of the most influential entrepreneurs and investors on the scene in the form of judges , mentors , and speakers at the competition . Last year , notable minds like Jeff Clavier , Lo Toney , and Lisa Lambert were all in attendance . And trust us when we say that this year 's competition is no different . " The opportunity to network with founders from Silicon Valley is really unparalleled , " said Garrett Moon , CEO and cofounder of CoSchedule . " There was tons of energy and excitement during the entire event and working with other founders spurred a wealth of ideation and momentum beyond . " While the Startup of the Year competition is one of the main focuses of our annual conference , it 's important to remember that it 's not the only focus . Startup founders , employees , and attendees will be privileged to one - on - one mentor sessions with some of the most innovative minds in attendance . From tech titans to serial entrepreneurs , you 'll be able to get all the ideas you 'll ever need from these quick sessions . Even if you do n't win , the Startup of the Year competition helps entrepreneurs get noticed , through video coverage and Tech . Co articles , all while placing you in front of notable investors throughout the conference . Plus , there are plenty of opportunities to be had outside of the conference as well , as past contestants have been all too happy to share . " The accolades and recognition were wonderful and very uplifting to the team , but the very best thing was the booth we received at CES in January , " said Paul Droege , founder and CEO of SunPort . " The fact it was free was nice but it had an amazing , high - traffic location which was awesome . " Being an entrepreneur can be stressful , maddening , and downright unenjoyable at times . However , the Startup of the Year competition brings together like - minded individuals from across the world in an effort to spur innovation , develop startup support , and have a little fun . The conference is filled with engaging workshops and driven people that , when you take some time to relax , could help you wind down that high strung mentality that entrepreneurship has placed on you . If you think you have what it takes to be the Startup of the Year , you need to apply today . Remember , the 100 startups that are chosen will be invited to join us in San Francisco , CA for Innovate ! and Celebrate 2017 , and will be on their way to startup success in no time ! Read more about the Startup of the Year Competition here on Tech . Co
We ' ve all heard the saying : you are what you eat . For food , this is clearly not a literal saying , but what we consume does contribute to our health and that is why quality is so important . This particularly true when it comes to meat , as many grocery stores are unnecessarily vague about where specifically your food comes from . As a result , more restaurants have embraced the farm - to - table concept , not only informing us of where the food comes from , but also ensuring its freshness due to less time in transit . But what if you want beef from that same local rancher ? In most cases it 's an arduous , antiquated process consisting of going to the ranch , getting on a list , and then freezing an excessive amount of beef in a deep freezer . A growing startup , Crowd Cow , is changing this one cut of beef at a time . More specifically , Crowd Cow allows consumers to crowdfund , or crowd carve up an entire cow , selecting various cuts of beef . In addition to picking the cuts , they also provide details regarding the type of cow , location it was raised , types of food it ate , and even how the rancher cared for the cow . SP If the concept sounds familiar that 's because it 's a new take on an old approach . In the past if you wanted to know exactly where your beef came from you 'd have to go either to the farmers market or to a rancher ( sometimes you 'll get lucky with a great local butcher ) . When working with a rancher , typically you 're buying a large portion of the cow , and that means you 'll have nearly an endless amount of beef if your freezer at all times . I first learned of the concept in college when a friend brought over an entire cooler filled with steaks to store in our freezer because she ran out of space in her own . And if there is one thing a college kitchen needs is more freezer space for the wonderfully terrible food we ate . Between technology , Crowd Cow 's innovative approach to shipping , and tapping into the largest pool of meat eaters in the US ( the internet ) , they effectively add a much desired component to beef buying , knowledge . One could argue that this does remove some of the locality out of the process ; however , the team behind the beef is no stranger to food or programming ( founders of Urbanspoon and Snapvine ) , which ensures the beef gets to you in the most optimal way using the ideal temperature along the way . On top of this , as the company finishes up its nationwide rollout , more and more local ranches will become accessible , bringing your local ranches right to your door . How important is knowledge about where your food comes ? For starters , it 's worth at least $ 2 million in seed funding that Crowd Cow closed this January , including funds from NFL hall of famer Joe Montana . As a meal prepper , knowing about my food is just as important as figuring out what I ' m going to torture myself with for the next five days of lunches . With Crowd Cow , not only do you get the basics , you get first - hand information about how it was raised and cared for . SP For example , at the time of writing , Crowd Cow currently has a cow from Spanaway , WA on the block . Hailing from the Harlow Cattle Company , their cows are premium quality angus hereford crosses that are raised on 320 acres of prairie land where they ' ve fed on grass their entire life . If that 's not enough , here 's a sampling of information straight from the rancher herself ( more here ) : " I have not hired help running the ranch and cattle operation . Day and night , rain and shine , 24x7 , 365 days a year , from bucking hay to vetting calves , weighing steers to mending fences , round - ups to bookkeeping , mud and manure , dust and dirt , I do all the ranch work myself , " stated Becky Harlow Weed . What you 're getting with Crowd Co o is access to small , sustainable farms . Sure , on the surface the crowdfunding component is a bit of a gimmick , but by going in together with other people who care about what they eat , it ensures the entire cow will be used . " You can go to the farmers market , if you remember , and maybe he has the cut you want or maybe did n't bring it . We are trying to get people a lot more access to beef they can feel really good about . I love local , and I love the idea of people being able to try things from various places , " said Crowd Cow Cofounder Ethan Lowry . The best comparison to what they Crowd Cow is creating can be seen in the craft beer market . If you are on the east coast you can easily get beer from the Chicago , DC , or Baltimore regions , including their specialty beers , but if you head over to California you 're less likely to find Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA . For those in California , they get the coveted Pliny the Elder , with little to no distribution elsewhere . Just the same , Crowd Cow is not just acting as the distributor for locally and sustainably raised beef , it 's generating revenue for the little guys and gals . " Our farms have distinctive flavors . Not just this homogeneous food they ' ve been used to . Each farmer / rancher and even breed affects the taste . I love the idea of people developing an affinity for the one they want , " said Lowry . Crowd Cow is a Seattle - based startup and is rolling out their nationwide offering . Until now they have primarily offered their small sustainable beer to the West Coast region , but are now on a mission to connect with ranchers outside the industrial beef industry . Read more about startups emerging in Seattle here at Tech . Co
To get the word out about all the startup energy and innovations happening in one 's community , you have to make some noise . As J.D. Vance said : " We should all be zealots for [ our communities ] and bring attention to the good things that are happening in our ecosystems . We are all in this together and making an effort to expand cities , " Vance said . Each week Tech . Co will be making some noise and highlighting five startups from around the country for the Startup Spotlight that showcases their innovation . A content distribution platform that focuses on assisting and empowering marketers trying to reach their target audience and publishers looking for new opportunities to monetize their websites . With Adsy , marketers will have the opportunity to receive content distribution on relevant websites of numerous varieties , anti - fraud control , guarantee of content placement , open inventory and bidding to choose publishers , the opportunity to directly be in contact with the publisher , and the right filters to be able to choose the best publisher . Publishers who use Adsy will receive great rewards for their work , quality content , a reliable and trustworthy series of payments , transparency , content control , and the ability to directly communicate with marketers . Adsy 's main goal is to link publishers and marketers together to form a fruitful symbiosis . While they are still developing the main functionality of their website , you can register and also provide feedback and requests for new features . An loT platform and hardware that was influenced by the military 's use of advanced technology for counterterrorism . But instead of catching terrorists , Flux wants to use this grade of technology to understand nature and the environment around us . Their first product is Eddy , a growbot that assists in growing food and high - grade medical cannabis at home . Team Eddy is working on a future project to make farming easier for astronauts and allow future travelers to Mars an easy pathway to grow fresh food and natural medicine . They will be going to Innovate Celebrate to compete . A ride share platform that has partnered with Lyft to provide on - demand non - emergency medical transportation . SPLT 's goal is to mitigate the clogging traffic and save money , time , and productivity . SPLT utilizes corporate carpooling as another tool to reach this goal . SPLT was one of the winners at SXSW Startup Night . Enhances storytelling by using voice recognition to sync your voice with special sound effects . As you read a story , theme music , sound effects , and in - story characters ' voices will pop out and ultimately provide the listener a more immersive and absorbing experience . This patented technology is completely unique . A social impact company that provides self - defense wearable technology that looks fashionable to women in order to deter predators and attackers from preying on them . Their product , Athena , includes a loud alarm and a silent alarm . ROAR for Good is starting a movement with their products to address the problem of violence against women . Part of the proceeds from their product go to educational programs . Read more about startups here at Tech . Co . This is our new , premium Weekly Spotlight Announcement Series . Learn more about how your company or crowdfunding project can be included and reach thousands of readers around the country , including influencers , investors and more .
Numerous moving companies operate within the United States . Thousands of moving companies are available across the Nation . We can see a high number of family - run moving companies in counties and small towns . The people that live in small towns prefer the personal element in moving companies . However , many people deal with the daunting task of finding good and able movers . The best option is to tap the renowned moving companies in the country . Well - known companies exist . The best providers do not only handle one of the best companies ; they also insure and license the shipment in case some form of damage occurs . Following are the 7 best household moving companies in the United States : Allied Van Lines has gained its reputation , and started its online journey seven years ago , in 2009 . The head office is in Texas and is one of the largest moving companies across the globe . The company has been in the game for more than 85 years , and that gives them an edge over many other start - ups . The one special element about this company its Global appeal , and availability in countries other than the U.S.A. Mayflower Transit has been active for more than 80 years . The company has been active across the nation since 1927 . The excellence in services and the price range is the main highlight when hiring the services . More than 500 agents are available . The service is available at more than 650 locations . The primary services provided are the standard packaging techniques , for cargo , and safe packing services . Mayflower also offers inventories and innovative technologies . Also , it offers online accessibility to tracking and claiming processes . United Van Lines is one of the largest moving companies in America today and has gained the third spot on the list . The headquarters are in Fenton , Missouri . Also , the company has a broad range of services for movers with more than 400 agents available across the nation . The company has mastered the relocation services . The many options include moving containers , full - service moving , storage services , corporate relocations , and also international moving . North American moving services , is an internationally recognized moving service . The service is known in areas other than the North American region , contrary to what the title suggests . The representatives are abundant in every state across America and are also available in more than 175 countries across the globe . The many customers that have hired their services stand by the service quality offered . The North American crew is the most promoted , and accepted ones in the nation . Many clients that have hired the team re - hire the service provider time and again . Airpin Van Lines is a private service provider company . The company has been active in providing global and domestic storage and moving services . SP The company is placed under the Arpin Group and contains its headquarters in Rhode Island . Also , it has over 330 agents within the United States . Various centers exist across the globe , and that are concerned with strategic services ' provision . The company has been in the service industry for more than 100 years , and the dedication , expertise , and passion they show for the job is worth mentioning . The company started their business in 1945 . They led their first moving order from Ohio to Michigan which resulted in the branching of the business . The company has hereto forth grown bigger in their business dealings . The company has made a global impact and contained more than 250 agents worldwide . 4000 employees work across 52 nations . Their services have shown a proven track record , and they are also striving to go green , and reduce the impact many tools have in the environment . The last moving company on our list is Bekons . It is a relatively new company . John and Martin found it in Indianapolis . It only contained 12 employees and three horse - drawn carriages . They are one of the bigger movers in the nation . They handle around 250 locations in the United States . The primary specialties they have are the goods and the innovations they offer . It is always a good idea to hire professional services in case cross - state services are needed . For everyone involved , moving is a hard job ; may it be the household members or the movers . However , professionals have more experience . The U.S. Census Bureau also estimated that we move an average of 12 times in one lifetime .
Chatbots and the artificial intelligence technology that enables them are on the rise and constantly evolving . Described by many as the next industrial revolution , chatbots are capable of providing benefits to a large amount of businesses by helping them ( for example ) to improve and automate their communication with existing or potential clients . Taking this into account , Smartly.ai built an artificial intelligence platform that allows users to create chatbots and voice interfaces for connected devices , allowing them to combine smart conversations with a visual editor . Chatbots developed on Smartly.ai can be deployed with all the most widely - used messaging apps , including SMS , Facebook Messenger , Skype , Slack et al , and also with voice command platforms such as Alexa , Cortana and Siri . As artificial intelligence starts to transform our world , Smartly 's goal is to ensure that businesses and developers are provided with the essential tools they need to harness the power of AI to change daily life and release its full potential . SP We talked with Hicham Tahiri , the CEO of Smartly.ai , who was recently awarded the title " Alexa Champion " thanks to his knowledge and passion for Amazon Alexa , in addition to his motivation to educate and inspire other developers in the community . Here is the interview : What was the motivation for starting Smartly and what was the problem you wanted to solve ? We had observed the huge potential of voice interfaces , for example , an estimated 1.8 billion people will be using a vocal interface by 2021 ! However , previously something was missing to help developers truly unlock the potential of voice applications . The process of creating an application can be quite tricky . You need to master several technical components ( voice recognition , natural language understanding , dialog management and text to speech ) and have good notion of voice user interface ergonomics . This meant that app builders spent most of their time solving the integration issues instead of building high value apps . We wanted this to change , so we created Smartly . AI , the ultimate toolkit for building voice and text based apps . Our Saas platform was founded with the ambition of widening the access to voice and chat interfaces and introducing conversational intelligence into daily lives of everyone . Since the early beginnings of Smartly in 2012 a lot has changed and AI has become a trend topic . How are you working with with Alexa and others vocal assistants ? SP When Alexa was launched , its openness was a developer 's dream . The Smartly . AI team set to work on creating Alexa Designer , a developer toolbox that offered a visual conversation design tool with automatic code generation and a community - generated intents library , plus a voice simulator , meaning users could speak to the skill directly in the browser without requiring an Echo . Following the arrival of more and more vocal assistants , Smartly AI broadened its scope to incorporate more and more voice ( and chat ) platforms . Today we support all major platforms including Alexa , Google Home , Cortana , Siri , Facebook , Slack , SMS and more . Plus our API means that you can easily integrate your app with all connected objects . What makes Smartly AI stand out from competing solutions for conversational artificial intelligence ? Smartly AI offers the most complete solution on the market for developers and companies wanting to create voice applications and intelligent chatbots . From our highly user friendly visual conversation design tool and detailed analytics to our innovative help center and smart bot memory features . Furthermore , our platform does not require any previous developer experience ! For example , a users could create a vocal app for a sports media that relays the latest results , prognostics and comments via Siri , in a few clicks ! We were also awarded the title Alexa Champion by Amazon . Alexa Champions distinguishes twenty of the most engaged developers and contributors in the community on a worldwide level . You have secured EUR400k in funding last September . What was the most challenging part of the fundraising process ? Convincing European investors to invest in voice while the voice assistant market was purely American was the most challenging issue . We had a real time to market issue that we decided to compensate for by broadening our conversational AI solution to include the chatbot market , which already was already taking off in Europe . Creating intelligent chatbots brings us an immediate revenue stream . Smartly was accelerated by NUMA . How would you describe your experience with the program ? The experience was game changing ! We had the opportunity to meet passionate and talented entrepreneurs , explore the Silicon Valley and pitch our company in front of the best investors ! All this helped us greatly to gain traction and raise funds . Would you agree that the French startup ecosystem is in good shape and on a growth path ? Yes , in recent years France has become a buzzing hub for startups ! The government is helping with the FrenchTech Initiative , which pushes French startups onto the international stage with events such as CES . The pool of talent here is just amazing , with top grade engineers , especially in AI , which is a highly mathematical field . Why do you think there is so much excitement about AI right now ? Is it about technology advancement or market readiness ? I would say a mix of both . Things are moving fast in terms of technological advancement , for example computers can now be programmed to ' think ' like a human with ' machine learning ' , which opens a wealth of opportunities with regard to AI advancement . At the same time the public is also becoming increasingly aware of the benefits that AI can bring , on both a personal and professional level . Consequently more and more businesses are wanting to get on board with AI in order to reach their consumers . Furthermore , AI can also be of great help to the elderly , blind and the illiterate . What is next for Smartly ? We are launching our new platform at the end of the month , which will set a new standard for conversational AI building platform ! As artificial intelligence continues to transform our world , we will ensure that we provide both businesses and developers with the essential tools they need to harness the power of AI to change daily life , at both home and work , for the better . What is your prediction about the future of AI startups in Europe ? Despite our talented resources and know how , competing with the big American firms will be a major challenge . Though , the emergence of vertically focused AI companies is something I really believe in for European AI startups .
At any given point in time at a fast growing startup , you 're hiring across functions , levels and specific disciplines . It 's difficult to find someone who checks all the boxes across the most important skills , let alone someone who has the combination of those talents plus the more intangible qualities or characteristics that have the potential to accelerate positive outcomes , specifically at the critical early stages . My co - author Josh Scott and I recommend you dare to hire based on characteristics and train on tactics - emphasizing intangibles over functional skills as you plan for and develop your talent priorities . As you begin to strategically build your team with people , not jobs , we want to share insights on how you can determine the key characteristics that could contribute to alignment , momentum and ultimately long - term success . Startup founders need to determine which characteristics will be most important in differentiating and driving performance - now and in the future . Most importantly , these characteristics should ring true regardless of the role , function , level or tenure of a team member . Where should startups begin ? Think broadly about your team and what you need them to display day in and day out to give your startup the best chance for success . We find characteristics like intellectual curiosity , ownership and drive to be key differentiators across all disciplines and career stages . There are a hundred things you could put on the list , but when assessing talent , you have to figure out what is most impactful for the company since it 's rare to find someone that will possess all of the characteristics and all the skills you need for a given role . As you recruit and evaluate potential team members , you 'll need to identify experiences or sources that are likely to correlate with individuals who possess the characteristics . Be creative and open - minded during the process . This is a unique opportunity to explore more diverse sources of talent . Because characteristics are inherent , you may discover and unlock new avenues or profiles that complement and enhance the existing makeup of your team . It 's important to develop a structured , focused and consistent method to evaluating each potential hire . It 'll be worth spending the time to build out a thoughtful line of questioning that helps you understand and gauge how a person has demonstrated these characteristics consistently and with tangible results . If you find a person who has all the characteristics but has gaps on other dimensions , take a chance . Transforming inherent qualities is tough , while developing skills and expertise is achievable . Dedicating time and effort early in the life of your startup toward creating a people - focused team building approach will help you successfully navigate the complexities of recruiting , performance and development as your business evolves and grows . Read more about hiring practices here on Tech . Co This article is courtesy of Techstars , the best global ecosystem for entrepreneurs to bring new technologies to market . From inspiration to IPO , Techstars empowers the world 's most promising entrepreneurs throughout their lifelong journey by providing a global ecosystem made up of tens of thousands of community leaders , founders , mentors , investors , and corporate partners .
The Federal Government has announced it is set to open a new office for the CSIRO in San Francisco in order to boost the organisation 's engagement with the US . The news follows the launch of the government 's Landing Pad in San Francisco last year , based at the RocketSpace campus , to help Australian startups working in San Francisco go about expanding into the US market . SP According to Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , the new office will allow the organisation 's partnering businesses across research and development to collaborate with local industries and introduce their work to the US market . SP To help spur growth in the US , CSIRO will look to make use of its existing relationships with the region 's science leaders such as NASA , Boeing , the Gates Foundation , Nayer LLOP and a number of Fortune 500 companies . San Francisco is the second international office the organisation has opened , following the development of a CSIRO station in Chile in 2011 . The San Francisco office is expected to open in the first half of this year . The announcement falls in line with the government 's objectives set out in the Science and Innovation Agenda and its vision for CSIRO to develop into the world 's premier public research organisation by 2020 . SP Looking to reach this goal , the government introduced the $ 200 million CSIRO Innovation Fund in December with the aim of commercialising research generated by the organisation . The CSIRO hasn't always been in the government 's spotlight , however , with the Abbott Government cutting $ 110 million in CSIRO funding in 2014 , a move which saw a 20 percent reduction in staff levels . While the US is undoubtedly an important market for many Australian companies , the move has been criticised by Ed Husic , the Opposition Spokesman for Digital Economy , Employment Services , Workforce Participation and the Future of Work . Husic tweeted this morning , After setting up a landing pad in SF , the Feds chucking more money o / s via CSIRO . Could n't support local collaboration & # startupaus here ? Startup Daily has contacted Husic for further comment .
Minister for Industry , Innovation and Science Arthur Sinodinos has announced funding of $ 151.5 million to develop four new Cooperative Research Centres ( CRC ) dealing with food , agtech and transport to fund the development of innovative research and technologies in each sector . The announcement comes as part of the CRC program 's 18th funding round since its inception in 1990 , when it was established as a non - profit focused on pursuing the progression of science across various industries . SP To be delivered over 10 years , over $ 39 million will be contributed to a CRC dealing with High Performance Soils , intended to help evolve farm management processes and solve a number of complex soil management issues . SP Seven million dollars will go towards a new CRC for Honey Bee Products to help improve honey production and maintenance techniques . At the higher end , $ 50 million over ten years is set towards a Food Agility CRC to fuel digital innovation around the food industry , while $ 55 million over the same period will go towards the new iMove centre , which will focus on evolving traveltech to help ease traffic flow and fuel emission . SP With the government backing , each centre will look to connect researchers , institutions , government and startups working in an industry together to collaborate and tackle each sector 's unique issues . SP Helming the Food Agility CRC as one of the lead partners is global professional services company KPMG . SP Speaking about the announcement , KPMG Australia 's Head of Management Consulting , Ian Hancock , said that the company is excited to playing an " active role " in growing foodtech innovation . " We believe the Food Agility CRC is at the core of innovation for the industry . Today 's announcement ... is a strong signal that food is a major manufacturing sector of the future , and that there is commitment to global advancement through a digital technolgy path , " said Hancock . KPMG National Internet of Things ( IoT ) Practice Leader Piers Hogarth - Scott , added that the new CRC aligns itself with the firm 's 2017 focus on evolving foodtech , agtech , and IoT. " Smart food and fibre is a key focus sector of our Internet of Things practice . Our investment in the Food Agility CRC supports our strategy of helping clients unlock the substantial economic , environmental and social challenges facing the industry in Australia . " The Food Agility CRC already has a number of projects in the pipeline which harness IoT , including a horticulture initiative which will see researchers using IoT to help improve the shelf life of bagged lettuce by using data to help optimise harvesting , export and on - shelf time . SP Other projects include using data to improve food export markets and finance benchmarks . For partnership in the upcoming projects , a bid consortium led by the Knowledge Economy at the University of Technology Sydney ( UTS ) alongside Queensland University of Technology ( QUT ) and Curtin University has raised over $ 160 million in commitments to accelerate each proposal . QUT 's Professor Bronwyn Harch , who will be heading up the Food Agility CRC as Research Director , said the project 's frameworks are designed to improve Australia 's food value chain and help increase the industries commercial value . " Our research programmes will create digitally - enabled solutions by focusing on hardware , software and liveware . That means addressing the sensor and communication technologies that underpin data across food value chains and transforming poorly designed , utilised and connected data into information and insights for decision making , " said Harch . " [ Also ] , ensuring the best practices are integrated into the workflows of governments , industry and consumers , and building a capable workforce . "
Herman Narula , CEO of Improbable . Improbable LONDON -- UK startup Improbable has raised announced a mammoth $ 502 million ( PS390 million ) cash injection from Japanese firm Softbank . CEO Herman Narula says Improbable is determined to stay independent , despite concerns about foreign firms buying out British businesses . The vast funding round is , he told Business Insider , about " sending a signal . " Improbable is developing software for simulating virtual worlds . Simply put , it builds the tools that people can use to run massive simulations -- whether that 's online games or scientific research projects -- meaning its customers can get on with the business of simulating whatever it is they actually want to do . Its $ 502 million investment is , by any measure , massive -- whether for a British or an American technology business . But it 's an order of magnitude larger than all of Improbable 's previous funding rounds put together . Before this , it had raised just $ 50 million ( PS38 million ) in total . Improbable is staying tight - lipped on how much the investment values it at . Narula said only that it gives Softbank a " non - controlling stake . " That is , Softbank owns less than 50% of the company -- valuing it overall at least $ 1 billion ( PS778 million ) . ( He would n't even be drawn on the range or a ballpark figure , saying that he does n't " want to create that distraction of high numbers . " ) Inside Improbable 's offices . Improbable Although Improbable might want to stay independent , there is along list of promising British tech business that have ultimately been bought out by foreign firms . London artificial intelligence lab Deepmind was acquired by Google for PS400 million . Twitter dropped up to $ 150 million ( PS116 million ) to acquire Magic Pony . Chinese travel company Ctrip bought Scottish firm Skyscanner for PS1.4 billion . Softbank is currently doubling down on its investments , and is launching a vast $ 100 billion ( PS77 billion ) tech investment fund ( though , per TechCrunch , the Improbable investment is not coming from it ) . In 2013 , Softbank bought a 51% stake in Finnish gaming company Supercell , before upping it to 73% ( and then subsequently selling it off to Tencent ) . Might Softbank seek to similarly increase its share of Improbable until it has a controlling stake ? " We have absolutely no interest in that kind of deal , " Narula said . " Our goal is to remain independent . The control aspects of this deal were very important to us ... The company is completely founder - controlled , and will remain so . We ca n't realise this vision as an acquisition of anyone . " His position then softened slightly : " It 's also personally important to us to , as long as it is feasible , try to create a significant British platform company , and you know , we think we can do that and that 's not something we want to give up easily . " So would he consider an acquisition offer under any circumstances ? If Google came knocking , perhaps ? " I guess I 'd say it would n't be about cashing out for us . If such a scenario ever made sense it would have to be because we felt it was the only way to realise our vision . " And does he consider the number of British tech businesses selling off to foreign firms an issue ? " I think that 's just harder anywhere . I do n't think that 's something unique to Britain . Trying to scale a company beyond this scale is an enormous challenge ... I do n't think there is an easy policy of structure that 's going to make this kind of thing repeatable . " Improbable COO Peter Lipka , CEO Herman Narula , and CTO Rob Whitehead . ( left - right ) Improbable Founded in 2012 , Improbable 's initial focus was on gaming -- but has since broadened its view to everything from science to defence . In late 2015 , it unveiled SpatialOS , an operating system for simulations , and launched a beta version in February 2017 . The company is currently generating revenue , but its current focus is on growth . This new funding will go towards hiring , as well as developing the tech and R&D. The company currently has 180 employees , and opened a San Francisco office earlier this year . iIt plans to grow both teams , Improbable said . ( Narula and cofounder and CTO Rob Whitehead are British , and based in London . ) " It 's been a journey to get the fundamental technical problems solved , to show a working product ... to see the potential of the market we were exploring , " the CEO said when asked about the rationale for the size of the fundraise . " I guess we ' ve now reached the point where we want to double down on that . We see a 10 year , 20 year vision for how we can make possible the massive scale simulations that could be so transformative . " And it 's not going to happen overnight , and it 's something that 's going to require deep and continued investment . So this is us thinking of the long - term , wanting to remain independent , and wanting to create something really special . " Even so , Narula does n't rule out raising further cash down the line : " Our goal is to literally alter the way we live and work and that may very well require more capital . " Fundamentally , the exec said , " it 's about sending a signal to the market that we are creating a new space , and we 're building a new ecosystem around us , and that ecosystem is here to stay . "
Startups in Latin America are using creative solutions to address not just local but also global problems . For investors outside the region , the prospect of working with these startups can appear attractive , yet complicated . Investing in early - stage startups in Latin America can present challenges ; however , despite the challenges , time and time again I ' ve found it can be well worth the effort . When I first came to Santiago , Chile in 2010 as part of the pilot round of Start - Up Chile , there was hardly any talk of startups . Most people did n't even know what startups were . Within nine months of returning to the U.S. , the company I co - founded was acquired . So I decided to go back to Chile to look for more opportunities in this emerging market . Over the next couple of years , I taught entrepreneurship in Chile , mentored local entrepreneurs and eventually started investing in Latin American companies myself . I ' ve now invested in more than 30 early - stage companies in Latin America , and I firmly believe the time to help early - stage startups in Latin America has never been better . Here 's why . Some of the earliest VC firms established in the region , such as NXTP Labs in Argentina and Vox Capital in Brazil , have paved the way for others to find success . In a region that is traditionally very averse to risk and tends to condemn failure , these firms took a chance on budding ventures long before others dreamed of doing so . These pioneer VC firms in the region faced plenty of challenges . First , they had to educate and develop the expectations of local entrepreneurs so that they realized that Latin America is not Silicon Valley , with easy access to venture capital and U.S .- style valuations . But their successes and failures have served as exemplary models for many of the new early - stage funding initiatives we 're seeing . As the startup ecosystem in Latin America evolved , the flow and ease of doing early - stage deals improved significantly and encouraged more investment in the region . A look into five - year investment trends in Latin America revealed that investors had closed deals worth $ 2.3 billion , according to the Latin American Venture Capital Association ( LAVCA ) . In the past few years , we ' ve also started to see VC - backed startups begin to give back to the community and participate as investors themselves , either as angels or limited partners in funds . One example is Colombian - American entrepreneur - turned - investor , Andres Barreto . He launched several startups , including Grooveshark and PulsoSocial , and , in 2012 , he started the investment firm Socialatom Ventures . The Colombian firm , which recently raised a second fund called Firstrock Capital , invests in early - stage companies and provides them with resources to grow their companies . The firm is still active and now focuses on early - stage startups that have their technology team in Latin America but whose target market is the U.S. ( Disclosure : My firm , Magma Partners , has participated in two co - investments with Socialatom Ventures . ) There 's no debating that the proliferation of accelerators and local entrepreneurs gaining experience in each of the key startup hubs across Latin America -- such as in Buenos Aires , Santiago and Medellin -- has impacted the region 's funding ecosystem as a whole . A 2014 study of accelerators found that just the presence of an accelerator can have an impact on the number of seed and early - stage VC deals in a local startup ecosystem . This " spillover effect " is certainly something I ' ve witnessed in Latin America . The growing number of early - stage accelerator programs , such as Start - Up Chile and Wayra , have had a lot to do with putting the region on the map as a hotspot for startup activity . These programs are showing outside investors that Latin America possesses abundant opportunities worth exploring . Startups are disrupting all sectors of the economy , but the main sector of Latin America witnessing the most change is the traditional banking industry . Because there is still such a large unbanked population in the region , fintech startups are discovering plenty of opportunities to succeed . According to Finnovista , the number of fintech startups in the region recently surpassed 1,000 . Strategic partners in traditional businesses and regulatory approval from government , along with funding for the initial stages , are needed to scale these companies both locally and globally , and investors are on board . SP LAVCA showed startups in the fintech sector received more investment in 2015 than any other startup sector in the region . Fintech accounted for almost 30 percent of the entire IT sector 's investment in 2015 , and 40 percent in the first half of 2016 . The global startup network Startupbootcamp recently announced its expansion to Latin America by launching a dedicated fintech program in Mexico in a joint effort with Finnovista . Over the past four years , Finnovista claims they ' ve witnessed how fintech startups have shaped financial services in the region and recognized that these companies can not scale by themselves . The program aims to provide fintech startups in Mexico , and beyond , access to the funding and mentorship needed to grow their companies . Seedstars , too , traveled around Latin America over the past few years to find top entrepreneurs and connect them with global investors and partners . This year , focus has been on fintech innovations coming out of the region . Colombian crowd factoring startup Mesfix and Brazilian financial planning services startup QueroQuitar were selected as finalists to present at the Seedstars Summit . SP Related Articles Brazil : A look into Latin America 's largest startup ecosystem Why have some of Silicon Valley 's top investors started investing in Latin America ? Beek is the emoji - based book review site aiming to change e - commerce in Latin America SP 500 Startups is increasing its seed - stage funding efforts in Latin America . With a new $ 10 million fund in partnership with the International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) , 500 Startups aims to provide early - stage funding to 120 Latin American companies this year to help top founders succeed . Google recently selected more than a dozen Latin American startups for its Launchpad Accelerator program aimed at helping local startups reach their full potential by leveraging Google 's global reach and resources . Microsoft has set up the BR Startups fund in Brazil to help fill the gap between early capital and larger rounds , investing in 70 startups to date . Payments giant Visa also launched an acceleration program to assist new ventures in the fintech space in Brazil with their business models and fundraising . It was n't long ago that venture capitalists focused their efforts elsewhere , and Latin American startups had little to no access to early - stage financing for their companies . But as attitudes have changed , and both organizations and governments have begun fostering entrepreneurial ecosystems across the region , investment opportunities and activity in Latin American startups have been steadily on the rise . Momentum is building , with success stories like Brazil 's Nubank and Argentina 's IguanaFix becoming a regular occurrence , and there 's never been a better time than now to be involved with the Latin American startup scene .
Investment firms , AfricInvest and Bpifrance have announced a joint French - African Fund ( FFA ) which will aim to invest in top small and medium businesses within Africa and France . The FFA will be managed by AfricInvest , a pan - African private equity firm focused on mid - cap investments with almost EUR1-billion of funds under their management . They also have offices in six African countries and more in France . " The cornerstone of the strategy for the French African Fund -- the first cross - border fund between Africa and France -- rests in AfricInvest 's ability to help French companies grow in Africa , and at the same time attract African companies to the French market , " said Bpifrance 's Fund of Funds executive director , Benjamin Paternot in a press release . Investors subscribed to the fund include Bpifrance , Societe Generale and Orange as well as Proparco . A quarter of the fund also came from African investors including Caisse Nationale de Prevoyance Sociale de Cote d'Ivoire , Saham , Financecom as well as the Central Bank of Kenya Pension Fund . The fund is also subscribed to by private investors from Kenya and Nigeria as well as AfricInvest . " The quality of AfricInvest 's experience -- through its diverse team based in France and across Africa -- as the well as the development potential of the African continent , have together attracted the highest quality partners in the private sector both in France and in Africa , " continued Paternot . Along with managing the fund , AfricInvest will also be helping French companies with their expansion into various African markets as well as help African companies expand their reach into France and other EU markets . The FFA has pledged half of its capital towards French SMMEs who plan on entering the African market . The investments will be in the form of equity participation , which will generally be through minority stakes . The other half of the fund 's capital will be for African startups displaying a high potential for growth .
Do n't just pick a title . Pick the role that you 're best suited for as a founder . Prior to founding Adored , I was the CTO of Dyn , an engineering - first internet performance company . I thoroughly enjoyed the role , especially the opportunities it gave me to speak with members of the tech community . When moving to Adored , I knew I wanted to make the shift to CEO . While both roles do have some commonalities , there are glaring differences that can make it a difficult transition . But most tech - savvy entrepreneurs are n't shifting roles when they build their startup ; they are deciding whether to be a tech - focused CEO or a business - savvy CTO . If you understand the core responsibilities of each role , you can make sure that you 're providing value to your company . And do n't chase a title -- choose a job that you 're suited for . Here are a few differences to keep in mind . At Dyn , my CEO Jeremy Hitchcock told me that out of all that a CEO does , the role has three main responsibilities : By contrast , a CTO 's roles and responsibilities can take many different forms . While a CEO should always focus on those three core responsibilities , a CTO 's tasks may have more fluidity . For a founding CTO , the role is largely a function of an individual 's personality and strengths , whereas in the case of a non - founding CTO , the role tends to be defined by the industry and the strengths or areas of focus for the rest of the executive team . Taking the differences between CTOs a step further , Werner Vogels from Amazon Web Services wrote a great piece about how there are four different types of CTOs : the Infrastructure Manager , the Technology Visionary & Operations Manager , the External Facing Technologist and the Big Thinker . It 's a great read and he absolutely nails the four types . If you 're starting a new venture and are wondering whether you should be a technical CEO or a business - savvy CTO , ask yourself the following questions : No matter what path you take , however , both roles share certain critical skills . The CEO and CTO will have their differences , but no matter what , the person who takes either role should be a great storyteller who inspires a following , enjoys the thrill of success for their team members more than themselves , and is ruthlessly introspective with a balance of confidence and humility . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Rimac Tesla has made a name for itself as an electric carmaker that does n't compromise on speed . In February , the Model S with the 100 kWh battery reached 60 mph in just under 2.3 seconds ( 2.275507139 seconds , to be exact ) while operating in Ludicrous mode . It was enough to beat a Porsche 911 Turbo S. But Tesla is n't the only one trying to push speed boundaries with its electric vehicles . Several startups are also looking to put their names on the map by building absurdly fast supercars . And it 's not just startups -- even big names like Mercedes - Benz are showing off electric cars built for speed . We 're talking crazy - quick , 0 - 60 mph times here and top speeds -- the dynamic duo by which all high - performance cars are judged . Scroll down for the 5 quickest ones we could find :
Reuters Staff Uber was already off to a bad start in 2017 , but the year is getting worse by the day for the $ 69 billion ride - hailing company . In January , Uber lost more than 200,000 customers in a single weekend after the # Delete Uber movement led to a fury of account deletions by customers upset about its ties to President Trump . But that was just a prelude to Uber 's no - good , very bad month . During the roughly 30-day period of mid - February to mid - March , the company was pummeled by a seemingly never - ending barrage of bad news , with a new crisis almost every day . And it 's barely slowed down since then . Here 's everything that 's happened to Uber since things took a turn for the worse in February :
New Economy Accelerator ( NEA ) has selected 12 entrepreneurs to join its 10-month readiness programme , which commences in February . The objective of the NEA is to find SMEs in SA which could potentially have a large impact socially and environmentally , as well as to provide those startups with the necessary support and development assistance needed to scale successfully . Those selected attended a three - day NEA bootcamp to determine whether or not they make the cut for the programme . The participants were selected for their use of innovative methods to tackle challenges such as nutrition , sustainable agriculture , digital inclusion , renewable energy as well as waste management among others . The following startups were selected to participate in the NEA : " The aim of the NEA is to identify committed social entrepreneurs with innovative businesses that have high potential to transform rural economies in South Africa and the continent , " said the convener of the NEA , Dr Mao Amis , in a press release to Ventureburn . " Rural economies are critical for driving social transformation , yet face significant challenges resulting in high levels of youth unemployment and food insecurity . The NEA aims to promote inclusive business models that will help create opportunities in rural economies to rejuvenate the sector . " Amis also commented on the importance of having more gender diversity in the programme . " Women make a third of the intake and the majority are youth under the age of 35 years . We are delighted about that , because women continue to be under - represented in entrepreneurial development programmes and in many sectors of the economy . "
Jeff Carter is a co - founder of Hyde Park Angels , one of the most active angel groups in the United States , and he is currently raising a VC fund , named West Loop Ventures . Before becoming an angel he was a trader for over 25 years and he continues to trade independently . In this episode , we sit down with Jeff and talk to him about a wide range of topics , including how Hyde Park Angels got started , why traders make for good angel investors , and why having pornographers and money launderers latching on to your product early is a great sign . Plus , we 'll cover why it has been easier to find LPs for West Loop Ventures outside of Chicago , why you have to be a great analyzer of people and not just ideas for seed investing , why it 's important to have a vision for the future as a seed investor , why VCs can bet on ideas , but angels have to be on people , and why being coachable is so important for entrepreneurs . Additionally , we 'll talk about how an entrepreneur / investor relationship is like dating , why Jeff makes a point of blogging everyday , and what we have to do to keep growing the Chicago tech scene . Take a listen below and stay up to date on the Chicago startup ecosystem . LISTEN ON ITUNES LISTEN ON STITCHER SP Read more about the Chicago startup ecosystem here on Tech . Co Photo : Flickr / Keith Allison This post originally appeared on Tech In Chicago . Visit Tech In Chicago to listen to more interviews with Chicago 's top startup founders and venture capitalists . SP
Women in South Africa have more of an advantage over men when it comes to starting a business because of the large number of business support programmes available to them , says a top SA female entrepreneur . Finfind CEO Darlene Menzies has been selected along with five other women by the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) as the continent 's top female entrepreneurs . " I think that we have a bit more of an advantage over men in this country in terms of starting a business from all the different accelerators and programmes , " Menzies , whose web platform helps small businesses to source finance , told Ventureburn . Read more : Finfind initiative to link SA lenders with entrepreneurs seeking finance Menzies believes there are now more women in South Africa starting small businesses than there are women holding executive positions in the corporate world . " I would encourage and challenge any women that the opportunities are awaiting them and that they should just get into them , " she said . WEF searched for the top female entrepreneurs in tech to demonstrate and highlight the positive role they play in helping to drive growth , create employment as well as prepare their regions for more economic growth . During the search , hundreds of applications were sent in , during the search the top six emerged from all over Africa including SA , Nigeria , Kenya and Uganda . WEF set strict criteria for entrants . Eligible startups needed to be less than three - years old , show at least one year of revenue and have an innovative technology or business model operation . The selected entrepreneurs are : Commenting on how it felt to be one of the women recognised as the best in tech in Africa , Pandor said it was an honour to be listed . " To be recognised on that level is a big honour , it 's also a show of commitment from the WEF to want to understand and engage with businesses that apply their technology on the African continent . " However , when it comes to equality in entrepreneurship , she feels that there 's still a way to go . " We 're not there yet in terms of numbers and in terms of support that women get at the higher levels , so there is certainly a lot of work that needs to be done . " But I feel very positive as a young female entrepreneur as to where my position will be in the next five to 10 years -- I feel like things will change in terms of numbers and percentages . " Featured image : Jolanda Flaubacher via World Economic Forum Flickr ( CC 2.0 , resize ) ( Edited by Stephen Timm )
For most startups looking for a seed round , an audience of at a few thousand early adapters is essential . And those users usually connect through the internet 's version of word - of - mouth : social media . In short , if you 're among the majority of startups that ca n't land a big TechCrunch profile , you 'd better have a good - looking Facebook page . Which is why the recent rumors about the social media giant are troubling . Publishers are seeing huge dips in Facebook page traffic , Digiday reported this week following an admirably open , data - packed blog post from Kurt Gessler , deputy editor for digital news at the Chicago Tribune . The Tribune has grown its Facebook fan page since January while experiencing an inexplicable drop in engagement during the same time period . Other publishers at the Boston Globe and the Religion News Service cited similar trends , but Digiday saved the best report for last : " Brandon Doyle , CEO and founder of Wallaroo Media , a social media consulting firm , said he 's seen declining organic reach in the first quarter across about 20 publishers he tracks . " The truth is unavoidable : For whatever reason , engagement on Facebook is slowing for many publishers around the world . Rather tellingly , the two suggested articles underneath that Digiday article have the headlines " Bleacher Report CEO : Sites with a casual audience are ' dead ' , " and " Alex Skatell : Media is now about loyalists . " While plenty of bugaboos are potentially responsible for Facebook 's latest algorithm tweak -- a video focus , an audience interest in more polarized or politicized news -- one main reason seems the most likely . Facebook already has a massive audience , and is now focused on keeping them engaged by feeding them news posts that have already indicated a high potential for engagement . Facebook 's algorithm will give each post a single chance before burying it in favor of a more engaging post somewhere else . Facebook is prioritizing engagement , which means punishing the majority of posted content . The era of reach is over : The era of niche engagement has begun . A small but committed core audience can power subscription revenue , local events revenue , membership revenue or merchandising revenue . It 's also exactly what a new startup or app needs to prove itself . The one thing it does n't support is an advertising revenue model -- which is the one model most publications today rely on . The truth is that this has been a long time coming : Shares per content item have been dropping since December 2014 . Just last year , I wrote on why 2017 might be the year we finally start seeing less internet content . It 's not that we 're publishing fewer articles . It 's that platforms are realizing it 's in their best interests to surface less of it . Publishers have long held that they value engagement and quality over scalable clickbait . But 2017 may be the first year that they see a true and undeniable incentive to go for quality over quantity . We 'll see a media bloodbath over the next few years , but a new class of high - quality , highly engaged , and likely subscription - focused media publishers will eventually emerge .
The London - based FinTech startup Cleo has raised $ 700k from highly experienced European entrepreneurs . Investors include Niklas Zennstrom , Alex Chesterman , Errol Damelin , Jason Goodman , Siraj Khaliq , Simon Franks and Wendy & Joe White . SP Cleo was founded in 2015 and is building an AI financial assistant . Using artificial intelligence and machine learning , Cleo can tell you almost anything about your finances and currently integrates via Facebook Messenger , Amazon Alexa and Google Home . In September 2016 we already mentioned Cleo as one of " Europe 's hottest FinTech startups " . Barney Hussey - Yeo , the Cleo Co Founder & CEO stated : " As millennials ourselves , we 're acutely aware of our peers ' increased expectations of technology . The days of logging into multiple bank accounts and dealing with poorly designed , passive interfaces is over . Cleo can be reactive when you need it , without the hassle , and proactive other times so you 're on top of things that matter . The result ? Time saved , money safeguarded . " Cleo launched its public beta in Autumn 2016 , and has since scaled rapidly in the UK , its preliminary market . The young company plans to expand to international markets in 2017 . Cleo 's team share machine learning and and engineering pedigree from alumni of Google , Wonga , Amazon , UCL , Cambridge and Edinburgh universities . Barney Hussey - Yeo partnered with his co founder and CTO Aleksandra Wozniak at Entrepreneur First . SP
Fintech platform Lidya has closed a seed funding round of USD$1.25-million , being led by Accion Venture Lab , the company announced . Newid Capital were among several other investors also responsible for contributing to the funding round . The seed stage investment is an Accion initiative which invests capital in innovative fintech startups that either reduce the cost of financial services or improves the quality of financial services for the underserved . " This round of funding and backing from our world - class group of investors is a strong validation of the potential of fintech in Africa and will position the company to be the go - to source of financing for entrepreneurs looking to grow their business , " said a co - founder of Lidya , Ercin Eksin in a press release . The fintech platform will use its new injection of funds to accelerate its product development as well as expand its team . According to the platform , Lidya uses over 100 data points to assist SMEs in connecting them with capital and to build a customised credit score . Once Lidya has evaluated a customer , the qualified business will receive a loan in 48 hours depending on its risk level . " Our vision is to digitise and streamline the credit assessment process to make it easy for any SME across Africa to access the funding they needed to grow their business , " said fellow Lidya co - founder , Tunde Kehinde . According to Lidya , the company has already registered 20 000 businesses for its service . Its portfolio consists of businesses within the agricultural sector , consumer goods and creative industries among others , targeting N1.5-billion in loans to SMEs in its first year of operations . " Small businesses around the world today are unable to get the financing they need to grow and thrive , " said CEO of Accion , Michael Schlein . " Innovative fintech startups like Lidya are addressing this need with technology and new sources of information to help entrepreneurs obtain the necessary capital to hire employees , expand to new markets , and sustain successful businesses , " Schlein concluded .
Cloud platforms are n't an option for businesses , they are a must . I 'd be hard - pressed without one for personal use . But for those who are new to cloud technology , finding the best solution for your startup in the crowded cloud market can be challenging . The good news is , options abound . SP The first step is determining if your business should rely on a public or private cloud , or if a hybrid will best suit your needs . Here are some questions to ask to determine the ideal services for your business . What type of data do you need to store ? The information you collect will largely determine the particular cloud service you need . Private clouds are a must for sensitive information , but if there 's no outside value to your data , a public cloud will suffice . What software will be in the cloud ? Depending on your industry and business , your software will need to be stored either in the public or private cloud ; a hybrid could also work . How many people and devices will be connected ? Just like the schoolyard game of " Telephone , " the more people involved , the less secure your " phone conversation " will be . Choose an option that reflects your business size and can scale as you grow . What 's your budget ? There are options for free public cloud services , but first assess the kind of data you would store there . Private cloud services come with a cost , of course , but it 's security you need , it 's worth the investment . SP Once you assess your cloud needs , here 's a closer look at your options , along with some pros and cons of each . Public Clouds . These standard offerings provide storage of computer resources , such as applications , that are accessible via the internet . There are some free cloud service options , as well as pay - per - use ones . Public clouds use a shared infrastructure to provide services to multiple clients . They work well for non - sensitive data storage , collaboration , or email . Some examples of public clouds are SaaS ( software as a service ) , IaaS ( infrastructure as a service ) , and PaaS ( platform as a service ) . Pros : Public clouds are flexible and scalable . Cost comes down to use , and location is a non - issue . You can pool high levels of resources with a public cloud , meaning you benefit from larger economies . One big plus for those who are n't cloud - tech savvy : Your business does n't have to manage it . Cons : Staying compliant in certain industries like health care becomes an issue with public clouds , as does security . Public clouds are simply more vulnerable to cyberattacks . Reliability is also a concern for public cloud users . Private clouds do n't function all that differently than public ones , except they use proprietary architecture to distribute services . In other words , instead of serving many clients , a private cloud serves just your company . Private clouds work better for changing business models or unpredictable needs . Gartner sees the private cloud industry growing through 2017 . That 's because they are ideal for tight security demands , uptime needs , and mission - critical workloads . Regulated industries , such as the financial sector and the medical field , require this sort of a secure , separated cloud . Private clouds are scalable . They are also self - service and offer multi - capacity uses . They are crucial for companies that leverage lots of big data . Most important , however , they are more secure as private clouds provide hosted services situated behind a firewall to a limited number of people . The two downsides of private clouds are management and money . Businesses ' own IT teams must manage private clouds . That means having to budget for staffing , maintenance , and capital . Virtualization , cloud software , and management tools are added costs as well . Hybrid Cloud . Just as the name suggests , hybrid clouds offer the best of both worlds . They combine a business ' on - premises private cloud with public cloud services . Companies can shift workloads between their private and public cloud services as their business demands change . For instance , a company may use an on - premises private cloud for sensitive data , and a public cloud , like Google Compute Engine , for less sensitive material . I ' m not alone in my expectations for an expanding hybrid cloud marketplace -- some projections have it growing to $ 91.74 billion by 2021 . As for pros and cons , there is n't much to say on the negative side . For highly changeable workloads , hybrids are the ideal solution . They offer the key to scalable and flexible business solutions . SP Startups need cloud service as much as CIOs of established companies . Consider what best suits your needs and budget , and get to work on choosing the one that 's best for you . Remember , it 's a cloud buyer 's market , so do n't rely on only one resource when you decide what you need . Dan Newman is the president of Broadsuite where he works side by side with brands big and small to help them be found , seen and heard in a cluttered digital world . He is also the author of two books , is a business professor and a ...
Australian airline Qantas has partnered with corporate accelerator Slingshot to launch the AVRO Accelerator , a program aimed at commercialising innovative ideas within the travel sector . SP Sourcing its name from Qantas ' first ever aircraft , the Avro 504 K , in a tribute to supporting Qantas ' history of aviation industry " firsts " , the AVRO Accelerator will look to guide 10 local and global startups through a 12 week program designed by Slingshot . SP Each startup will gain the chance to work alongside Qantas Group 's own portfolio of mentors and inhouse team to develop their ideas , while gaining access to the company 's operation data , technological platforms and customer insights . Selected participants will also receive up to $ 150,000 in funding from the Slingshot Venture Fund to help build out their ideas ; $ 50,000 will be given through the program , with a further $ 100,000 available for follow - on investment . Qantas Group CEO , Alan Joyce , said the accelerator marked an opportunity for the company to continue to shape the travel industry and support its innovation agenda . " We 're proud of our track record as innovators and early adopters and we think there 's much more to come , so we 're asking Australian and international startups to join us as we unearth the next big ideas , " he said . AVRO is aimed at applicants with ideas themed around reforming the travel experience , building connection platforms , streamlining travel processes , and other innovative " breakthroughs " . SP " Customer needs keep evolving and the limits of technology are constantly expanding , so there is a clear business imperative for us to find new ways to improve how we operate , " said Joyce . " We 're looking forward to opening up our doors to ideas that are different , challenging and truly innovative . Ideas that could benefit from the expertise and scale at a company like Qantas to refine them and make them a reality . " Karen Lawson , Slingshot 's CEO , said the company is thrilled to partner with Qantas for the accelerator , adding that it reflects a trend of larger corporates looking to startups as a way to innovate within their industry . SP " An innovation strategy must include an external approach to tap into an increasing world of disruption and talent . We are seeing a fundamental shift as more corporate boardrooms mature in their understanding of the role startups and scale - ups play in navigating the reinvention of their industry and meeting customer 's changing expectations , " said Lawson . The partnership comes after Slingshot announced it would be expanding into Queensland to support tourism - focused programs in Brisbane and Cairns , having received funding from the Queensland government 's $ 9 million Advance Queensland Industry Accelerators Program .
You can achieve a simultaneously productive and relaxed environment by giving your employees what they want . An office that is simultaneously relaxed and productive ? How does that work ? In the corporate world , we ' ve long been conditioned to believe that a good work ethic is synonymous with a gritty , grinding style of professionalism , where the optimal results spring from long hours of hard work and discipline . But recently , experience has told us otherwise , as startups embrace mantras like " work smarter , not harder , " as a way of re - engineering productivity . A company like Google , which gives employees gourmet food , endless entertainment and over - the - top perks , is arguably successful because of these policies , not despite them . The model goes a long way in explaining why so many startups have embraced more holistic work cultures , designed to nourish employees to their fullest potential rather than simply demanding more from them . Here are five methods I have found work well at our company , a web and mobile search tool for commercial office space , to promote business growth through a positive , relaxed work culture . This flexible policy invites employees to interact , ask questions and challenge their managers - in a good way . When team members feel comfortable with one another as well as with their superiors , communication is faster , good ideas are less likely to be left on the table , and alternately , red flags are less likely to escape detection . And " open - door " policies are not relegated to more open , transparent work cultures . Successful companies with more traditional organizational structures and cultures employ them successfully as well . Free coffee is always nice , but a fridge full of snacks is even better . About 67 percent of employees who receive free food at work are very happy with their jobs . In addition to the cost benefit for employees , food around the office helps people stay energized and gives them less incentive to eat a heavy lunch that will put them to sleep later on in the afternoon . The same study found that this perk is more important to millennials than to other age group , yet only 16 percent of employees claim they get free snacks at work . That 's easy to fix . Give your employees an interactive canvas , collectively . For us , the canvas is a giant blackboard on the wall where anyone on the team can draw with chalk , write inspiring messages , place Post - it notes and more . While Slack often serves a similar purpose for us , we find the act of physically writing or drawing to be creatively liberating . Since many of us spend so much time behind our screens , it can act as a much - needed distraction , especially an artistic one that will stimulate the mind with new ideas . Finally , it does n't hurt to add a bit of culture to the office by way of paintings or music , as long as it 's not provocative . Even though the office is a professional workplace , your teammates can benefit from getting to know each other on a personal level as well . SP Engage your team through periodic happy hours and dinners to show that the relationships you build go well beyond the confines of office walls . You can even try out team - building outings like sporting events , hikes , company - wide retreats and other events . These outings can promote bonding between team members , reduce employee stress and give employees the chance to get to know one another outside of the office . When your colleague is also your friend , it 's that much easier to support them professionally . Our recent survey of 75 New York startups revealed that 94 percent of founders believe office space plays a role in attracting talent . Rightfully so , considering most of us spend a significant part of our days ( and sadly , our lives ) in the office . For your team to be comfortable and productive , choosing an airy space with plenty of natural light can be surprisingly effective . It 's one reason open floor plans are all the rage these days . This type of layout tends to be more visually appealing , friendly , and ultimately yields more fluid , collaborative work . In order for this type of layout to work without creating too many distractions , you 'll need to dedicate a few isolated quiet spaces ( or breakout rooms ) for meetings , calls or just heads - down work . You do n't have to choose productivity over employee well - being and happiness . Instead , you can create an environment that melds perfectly with your mission and team while keeping things efficient and positive . Happy employees are 38 percent more productive than unhappy employees and produce 37 percent greater sales . The implications for employee retention and productivity are significant . In time , you will find an optimal balance between your team 's enjoyment of the workplace and their productivity . You need both for your company to reach its true potential . This article is courtesy of BusinessCollective , featuring thought leadership content by ambitious young entrepreneurs , executives & small business owners .
Six African SMEs have been nominated to represent their nations at the 2017 Africa Finance and Investment Forum ( AFIF ) Entrepreneurship Awards . The event is supported by the Rabobank Foundation and will take place at the Strathmore University in Nairobi from the 13 to 16 February 2017 . The awards will seek to provide those selected with the necessary support to grow their businesses . The finalists will not only receive free accreditation to join the AFIF 's full programme , which includes conferences , training and B2B networking opportunities , but the award winner will also receive a cash prize as well as national and international media promotion for a full year . The following SMEs were chosen for their social , economic , and ecologic impact , as well as growth their growth potential and job creation : " We are delighted to announce the finalists for the AFIF Entrepreneurship Award 2017 after a really difficult selection process . The innovation and creativity of African - based SMEs makes our job more difficult every year . We look forward to welcoming these and many more entrepreneurs at the AFIF 2017 in Nairobi , " said Ines Bastos , EMRC 's senior project manager in a press release . Featured image : Ninara via Flickr SP
It 's a tiny - but - still - annoying part of almost every meeting and phone call -- once you agree to meet someone or call them , there 's still another flurry of emails as you try to decide on a time . Tech companies large and small have tried to improve the meeting process . ( I ' m a fan of Doodle , myself . ) SP Now Y combinator - backed startup Meetingbird has taken a stab at it with Meetingbird Meet . Naturally , co - founder Henry Dornier used Meet to set up a call with me . It was a fast , easy process : He sent me a link where I could look at his availability , pick a time , book it and get an invitation sent back to my own calendar in just a few clicks . ( And it all worked fine , even though I do n't have a Meetingbird account . ) But how was this different from other scheduling tools ? Dornier pointed to a couple of key distinctions . First , he noted that it 's integrated with the existing Meetingbird calendar ( which comes with features like collaborative note - taking ) , so you do n't have to manually enter your schedule into a separate product . " It 's a great way for teams , especially , to manage all those meetings that they have together while still being able to take advantage of meeting notes and products , " Dornier said . " There 's no friction anymore between your scheduling tool and your calendar ... they 're just the same thing now . " SP Related Articles AI - fueled Synqq app update lets you use your voice to add notes and calendar entries Uber now suggests destinations based on your calendar Google Calendar integrates with Google Fit and Apple Health to help you stick to your fitness goals SP That does n't mean anyone can book any empty spot on your calendar . You can also set preferences that block off times automatically -- for example if , like me , you do n't like to do meetings first thing in the morning . Second , and also useful for teams , Dornier said Meet is particularly effective with group scheduling , allowing you to see multiple users ' schedules overlayed on top of one another , and then book accordingly . Next up are further improvements that are specifically designed for larger teams . " Basically , we wanted to sort of solve the scheduling issue once and for all , " Dornier said .
Despite the country 's small population size of slightly over 1.3 million , Estonia can easily be described as a real startup nation ! The current generation of Estonian entrepreneurs built internationally successful companies like Skype , TransferWise and Pipedrive . Since Estonia is a very tech - savvy and entrepreneurship friendly country , the number of new exciting tech startups is seems to be growing year by year . In the beginning of this year we took a close look at the Estonian startup scene and created a list of 7 promising startups to watch in 2017 . All of the startups we 're mentioning below entered the market within the last two years and each one of them has something special to add to the tech and/or business world in 2017 . SprayPrinter is a smart spray can technology which prints pictures from smartphones to different surfaces . For that , users need a SprayPrinter , the smartphone app and spray cans . The phone tracks movements of the printer and knows when to release paint and when not . It is like a colouring book plus a pencil . SprayPrinter was founded in 2015 and is based in Tartu . The young company did a succesful global crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo which resulted with over 200 pre orders and massive amount of inqueries from retailers , promoters and strategic partners . Shipitwise : Founded in 2015 , Tallinn - based Shipitwise aims to end the hassle to ship unstandardized items overseas as a small business or an individual . In order to do so Shipitwise built a mobile platform and service to help businesses with easy and affordable shipping . Shipitwise claims to be the only international delivery company offering transparent pricing for small - business users . The promising startup already secured about EUR400 K in funding through equity crowdfunding and angel investments . Weps is a chatbot which helps you building a website in two minutes . Founded in 2015 , Weps is one of the first to make something as complex as creating a website be as easy as talking to a friend . By answering simple yes - or - no questions the user gives Weps all the data it needs . In seconds it analyzes thousands of options and creates a website instantly . The young company is headquartered in Tallinn but also successfuly took part in the Berlin - based accelerator program Axel Springer Plug and Play . Palleter was founded in 2015 and connects trucks and nearby freight offers . Thanks to Palleter , Truckers get freight offers relevant to their trips . Shippers get a convenient way to book transport on nearby trucks . The Tartu - based startup Palleter made it into the 2016 class of Techstars Berlin , where it secured seed funding as well as valuable advise and industry contacts . Clanbeat is an ongoing feedback tool for monthly performance reviews , targeted at managers who care . The Tallinn - based startup helps managers to become leaders and employees to discover their full potential through 1-on-1 meeting culture . Among active clients are Transferwise , Volvo , Ericsson and Telia . Before founding Clanbeat , CEO Ragnar Saas co - founded Pipedrive . Clanbeat just secured funding from 500 Startups and plans to relocate to the Silicon Valley . TransferFast enables instant money transfer between banks . No matter the time or day . TransferFast moves your money from bank to bank in just a few moments . The Tallinn - based startup was founded in 2015 and so far secured about EUR155 K in venture capital . TransferFast works particularly well with Nordea Bank , Danske Bank , Swedbank , SEB , Krediidipank and LHV . Barking has created thousands of new parking spots in cities by cross - using already existing parking facilities . Businesses , schools , hotels , apartment buildings etc . can rent out their parking spots on closed areas while they are not using them . Barking connects electric barriers and gates to the cloud and thus provides access to those areas via mobile app . Drivers can now park on those areas by opening barriers via the Barking Mobile App . The Tallinn - based startup was founded in 2015 and secured about EUR240 K in funding . By the way : If you 're a corporate or investor looking for exciting startups in a specific market for a potential investment or acquisition , check out our Startup Sourcing Service !
CompareEuropeGroup , one of Europe 's fastest growing financial management platforms for insurance , banking , and telco products ( such as car insurance , personal loans , credit cards and broadband subscriptions ) , has strengthened its position after closing a EUR20 million Series A funding round . The list of investors includes private equity platform ACE & Company , Pacific Century Group , Nova Founders Capital , SBI Holdings , Mark Pincus ( founder of Zynga ) , Peter Thiel ( founder of Paypal and Facebook investor ) and others . Founded in 2015 by Antonio Gagliardi , Thomas Munk and Mads Faurholt - Jorgensen , CompareEuropeGroup seeks to digitise and automate banking , insurance and telco advisory and brokerage jobs , thereby making personal finance advice unbiased , available around the clock and 100% tailored to the users ' personal needs . Thanks to a strong emphasis on data , machine learning and AI , the London - based company aims to help its users to select and get the best products for them and to manage the product throughout the lifecycle . By doing this , CompareEuropeGroup eliminates inefficiency from manual processes , misaligned incentives and creates much needed transparency for its users , enabling them to select products that best match their needs and risk profile while continuously evaluating and informing them when better products become available . According to the UK - based startup , the service is 100% independent and free for the user . Co - founder and Managing Director , Antonio Gagliardi , explains : " Banking , insurance and telco products are an important part of people 's lives , but they are difficult to understand and despite these products representing the largest part of household costs for most people and the fact that people 's needs constantly change , consumers do not give much thought to them after having acquired one . We have built a platform that looks after users ' banking , insurance and telco products 24/7 to continuously ensure that they have the right products for their needs . Our technology aggregates all relevant information about the financial and telco products and applies proprietary algorithms to evaluate personal questions and understand the users ' risk profiles , needs and how they might develop . " The new funing will be used to continue to improve the user experience by making the process of comparing , getting and managing banking , insurance and telco products easier . As part of this , the startup will further develop its proprietary technology including advancing its big data and machine learning capabilities . In addition , CompareEuropeGroup will continue to grow its team to help support the company 's growth momentum . The FinTech startup already employs over 100 people and is present in five European countries so far - Denmark , Portugal , Finland , Belgium and most recently Norway . The CompareEuropeGroup works with more than 50 banks , insurance and telecom companies across Europe , who are welcoming the opportunity to reach new customers through the platforms .
Do you have a killer idea for a startup company ? Perhaps you ' ve already got a plan in motion , and you 're getting the initial stages worked out , or have already started implementing strategies and are picking up steam . Either way , you need the right tools to help manage your growth and keep you and your team on task . No matter what your business , here are few things that can help you gain a productivity edge . You 're going to need a project management tool , and Taiga is one of the most interesting open source options in the game . What does Taiga allow you to do ? It takes the Kanban methodology for dividing projects into various developmental stages but streamlines it in a way that is much easier to navigate than some of the more cumbersome options that exist on the market presently . Simple , intuitive , powerful , and customizable , this is one of the easiest ways to break down your work and get your entire team on the same page . Best of all , they have a free option to give you an opportunity to try it out and see if it will work for you and your crew before committing to a paid plan ( with increased functionality ) . Need a way to prepare for meetings in a hurry ? Charlie is the way to go . This personal assistant program " combs through hundreds of sources and automatically sends you a one - pager on everyone you 're going to meet with , before you see them . " Think of it as Cliff 's Notes for people , allowing you to get up to speed and put your best foot forward every time . You 'll be able to make a striking first impression , and , hopefully , wow potential clients , wooing them over to your startup cause . On top of that , it 'll save you the time of having to dig up all that important information yourself . If you need a way to chat with the whole team , whenever , wherever , then Voxer should be on your radar . This chat app , like most , lets you utilize text and photos to communicate but adds a nice twist : live voice chatting . Much like a walkie - talkie , you can buzz in and get your message out to the whole crew instantly . In addition , Voxer includes end - to - end encryption to help keep your chats secure . They have several pricing levels and a basic free service that allows you to try before you commit to a monthly plan . Privacy , convenience , and seamless syncing across devices ; what more could you ask for ? You 're going to have to tame the raging beast that is email . Inky provides a secure way to make it happen and incorporate some quality encryption at the same time . In addition to top - tier email features , slick design , and all the relevant extras , you get high - grade security to protect your company secrets . You can integrate existing email accounts , and , as told by Inky , you can " deploy Inky with custom policies to protect email data when an employee loses a device or leaves the company . " Talk about secure . Let 's face it , getting funding is a concern for any new venture . Crowdfunding has become a viable source of capital for many startups , but choosing the right platform from the myriad that already exists can be something of a chore . If you want to try something a bit different ( but no less functional ) you might give Plumfund a go . Designed by the creators of Honeyfund , this crowdfunding app can be used for just about anything , so have at it . SP Wendy Dessler is a super - connector with OutreachMama and Youth Noise NJ who helps businesses find their audience online through outreach , partnerships , and networking .
Viant , the ad tech company acquired by Time Inc. last year , just announced an acquisition of its own . The company has reached an agreement to buy Adelphic , an ad startup focused on mobile and cross - device targeting . " Adelphic will bring superior media execution capabilities to Viant 's advertising cloud platform as one of the only DSPs built mobile - first , " said Viant Co - Founder and CEO Tim Vanderhook in the acquisition release . " This addition will give marketers and their agencies the globally scaled people - based platform they have been consistently asking from us . " SP Related Articles Time Inc Acquires Viant , Owner Of Myspace And A Vast Ad Tech Network Time Inc. Acquires Hello Giggles Mobile Ad Startup Adelphic Hires WPP 's Michael Collins As CEO SP The release goes on to claim that the combination of Adelphic 's ad - buying tools with Time Inc. and Viant 's user bases will allow the combined companies to offer " the first people - based DSP capable of reaching more than 1 billion consumers worldwide . " Adelphic was founded by alums of mobile ad company Quattro ( which was acquired by Apple ) and raised more than $ 23 million in total funding from investors including Blue Chip Venture Group and GV . The companies did not disclose the financial terms of the deal , which is supposed to close in the the first three months of 2017 .
Gamification has been all the rage in the business world for a few years now . Founders , managers , and everyday entrepreneurs are applying this strategy to everything from customer service to content creation to improve productivity across the board . But while gamification has done wonders for some companies , one startup is going above and beyond to make their model all about games . CodinGame is a French startup that is trying to revolutionize how people hone their coding skills . By providing a wide range of activities in more than 20 programming languages , this company is making it easy to learn how to code . Yes , the activities are typically catered to those that already know the basics , but the opportunity to improve your skills in such a fun way is something coders around the world will absolutely love . " This is not just a gimmick as we have metrics to back our vision . If you mix games with learning , you get a very motivating experience , " said Frederic Desmoulins , cofounder and CEO of CodinGame in an interview with TechCrunch . " Playing and learning at the same time is a virtuous circle . " CodinGame brings together a community of more than 700,000 developers in 175 countries , among which 30 percent of students in 12,000 schools spread over 175 countries . Much like actual games , these activities have a finite number of levels that get increasingly difficult as you complete them . In addition , there is a multiplayer mode that lets you compete with people around the world . And that , says Desmoulins , has no limit . " We target people who already know a bit of programming . But our last exercises are very hard and target hardcore coders , " said Desmoulins in the same interview . " And once you are comfortable with higher levels , you can fight with other players in multiplayer games on the platform , and there is no limit in this mode . " With gamification becoming more popular than ever , CodinGame has tapped into a learning model that could churn out a new generation of skilled coders . The ability to code is integral to the future of technology , and spurring more young people to pick up the mantel with actual games is nothing short of genius . Plus , a little measurable competition can go a long way in creating a workforce that knows what they 're doing .
Declines in the venture capital market are hitting startups of all sizes , but the ones left particularly vulnerable are the thousands of young companies that raised seed funding during headier times just a year or two ago . The seed frenzy peaked in the first quarter of 2015 when more than 1,500 startups raised their first rounds of capital , according to research firm PitchBook Data . Many of those companies are now running out of cash , and most wo n't be able to get more . Dying is a fact of life for most startups , but corporate graveyards are filling more quickly this year . The pain is likely to drag on for another 12 to 18 months as early - stage companies fizzle out earlier than usual or limp along without access to more capital , said Gus Tai , a general partner at Trinity Ventures . " The pressure is even more acute , " he said . SP Image : SP Bloomberg As many as half of fledgling startups today are looking to sell shares or take on convertible loans at the same price or terms as their previous rounds , said Jim Kim , a partner at Formation 8 who 's raising as much as $ 200 million for a new VC fund called Builders , according to a securities filing . He said such deals were rare a couple years ago when enthusiasm was higher and VCs were willing to pay a premium . " It is a completely different environment now , " Kim said . Despite their recent pullback , American VCs are n't strapped for cash . They 're on track to raise the most money since the 2000-era bubble . The top firms are raising larger funds , which is pushing many to make larger early - stage investments in the hopes of driving returns . Accel Partners , Andreessen Horowitz and Founders Fund have raised funds of more than $ 1 billion each this year . While many other VCs , including Builders , continue to make smaller investments , the big firms are driving up the average investment size in young companies . The median valuation of early rounds involving professional investors has reached $ 15 million , more than any time in the last five years , said Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati , a law firm that advises startups . Exclusive insights in your inbox , from our technology reporters around the world . However , the $ 55.5 billion of venture money spent in the first three quarters of the year fell short of the $ 61.2 billion invested in the same period last year , according to PitchBook . The overall startup market has rebounded in the last couple months but is still down 15 percent from its high last year , according to the Bloomberg U.S. Startups Barometer , an index that tracks VC funding and deals . SP Image : SP Bloomberg More than 11,000 angel and seed investments were made in 2014 and 2015 , PitchBook said . Since then , the market has become depressed at all levels , but the imbalance in earlier stages , especially the one known as " Series A , " has created intense competition for survival among young companies . The number of companies able to raise their second or third rounds of funding fell 25 percent last quarter compared with the same period in 2014 , PitchBook said . Etai Beck raised a seed round in 2014 for his corporate software company Folloze . He later sold more shares under the same terms , bringing the total size of the round to $ 3.3 million . This year , as he looked for a second round of funding , he found that investors " are way stricter , " with higher expectations for revenue and customers . The company eventually found its way to $ 7.3 million in September . " The new , higher bar is fine for companies that have very recently raised seed capital -- they knew what to expect , " Tim Bliamptis and Judith Elsea , partners at Weathergage Capital , wrote in a blog post in August . " It 's not so fine for previously - seeded companies that had been operating under the old milestone expectations . " SP This article originally published at Bloomberg here SP
Amongst all the activity in autonomously driven vehicle joint ventures , new R&D facilities , strategic acquisitions ( such as Mobileye being acquired by Intel ) and booming startup fundings , two big players in the industry , NVIDIA and Bosch , are partnering to develop an AI self - driving car supercomputer . Bosch CEO Dr. Volkmar Denner announced the partnership during his keynote address at Bosch Connected World , in Berlin . " Automated driving makes roads safer , and artificial intelligence is the key to making that happen , " said Denner . " We are making the car smart . We are teaching the car how to maneuver through road traffic by itself . " The Bosch AI car computer will use NVIDIA AI PX technology , the upcoming AI car superchip , advertised as the world 's first single - chip processor designed to achieve Level-4 autonomous driving ( see ADAS chart ) . The unprecedented level of performance is necessary to handle the massive amount of computation required for the various tasks self - driving vehicles must perform which include running deep neural nets to sense surroundings , understanding the 3D environment , localizing themselves on an HD map , predicting the behavior and position of other objects , as well as computing car dynamics and a safe path forward . Essentially , the NVIDIA platform enables vehicles to be trained on the complexities of driving , operated autonomously and updated over the air with new features and capabilities . And Bosch , which is the one of the world 's largest auto parts makers , has the Tier 1 credentials to mass - produce this AI - enabled supercomputer for a good portion of the auto industry . " Self - driving cars is a challenge that can finally be solved with recent breakthroughs in deep learning and artificial intelligence , " said Jen - Hsun Huang , founder and CEO , NVIDIA . " Using DRIVE PX AI car computer , Bosch will build automotive - grade systems for the mass production of autonomous cars . Together we will realize a future where autonomous vehicles make mobility safe and accessible to all . " Today 's most advanced cars use about half a teraflop of computing power ( a measure of the ability of the computer to calculate 1 trillion floating - point operations per second ) . This will rise to around 50 teraflops in cars equipped with Level 4 self - driving systems ( Level 4 is fully capable of driving the car with no human intervention , but only under specific circumstances . Brake pedal and steering wheel must be present . Most of the Level 4 systems under development depend on highly detailed maps and are thus geofenced , or limited to operating in mapped areas . ) The NVIDIA AI PX chip presently works at 11 teraflops speed but Nvidia plans to improve the chip and increase its speed to handle Level 4 operations . [ Nvidia is also partnering with automakers Audi and Mercedes - Benz . ] " This is the kind of strategic tie - up that lets both partners do what they do best - Nvidia can focus on developing the core AI supercomputing tech , and Bosch can provide relationships and sales operations that offer true scale and reach , " says Darrell Etherington for TechCrunch . < < Return to The Robot Report Frank Tobe is the owner and publisher of The Robot Report and co - founder of ROBO Global which has developed a tracking index for the robotics industry , the ROBO Global l(t ) Robotics & Automation Index . The index of 82 companies in 13 subsectors tracks and captures the entire economic value of this global opportunity in robotics , automation and enabling technologies . Read more > >
Inspiration can come from many places . Whether it 's your family , your coworkers , or the inspirational posters hanging on your wall , there are plenty of sources that promote keeping your eyes on the prizes . For founders building a business , staying motivated and keeping their team focused is incredibly important to breeding success . We asked three female startup founders about how they overcame challenges while building a business and what they use as inspiration to keep moving forward . Ask any early - stage founder and they 'll tell you that they 're constantly playing catch up while managing all the new challenges coming their way . Maura Kolkmeyer , founder and CEO of Sitterly , an app that connects local families with college students babysitters , said her biggest challenge was taking the leap from corporate life to founder , and there hasn't been a boring moment since . " I was building Sitterly on the side while managing high visibility government clients , " said Maura . " I was quickly running out of gas and knew one or both would start to suffer , [ so ] I made the tough decision to quit . It was a challenge to trust myself enough to make that leap . Everyday holds a new challenge [ and ] sometimes it feels like playing whack - a - mole , but every day I reach a new high score ! SP There is never a dull moment . " Maura 's inspiration stems from her philanthropic nature and encourages founders to find time to help people for the greater good . " Focus on one thing : connecting with and help people , " said Maura . " The world is so noisy and competing for attention . The one thing that cuts through all the b.s . is an authentic desire to help someone and the ability to execute on the promise . You do n't need permission to help people . So stop waiting . " Maxeme Tuchman , CEO of Caribu , an educational platform that allows parents to have story time with their child from any location , had to dissolve her previous venture , a food tech company , back in 2012 after a short run because the timing was n't right . She continued to find inspiration and motivation by maintaining focus on her vision to change the world and create solutions to real - world challenges . " Although the idea was amazing , and people think it 's a novel idea , the timing was not ideal . That summer four other food apps had launched or pivoted and diluted [ the traction ] we needed . We ended up dissolving our company , and sometimes that 's the right answer . Let your gut tell you when that is . If you 're going to fail , fail forward and fail fast , " Maxeme said . SP As a woman - of - color , Maxeme has some strong advice to other female founders : ditch any self - doubt , take credit where credit is due , and if you are going to beat yourself up over something , do it in private . " If you exude that lack of confidence , you and others will very quickly believe it , " said Maxeme . " Remind yourself that you 're building for a more inclusive community . Women tend to build for families , other women , and the underserved . Let that fuel your passion and hunger for making your business a resounding success . " Aleda Schaffer , cofounder of PureCarbon , the developers of the smart exercise and tracking Delta Gloves , founded the company with her husband . And while there are many couplepreneurs building great businesses , Aleda knew from the beginning that it could be a potential red flag for investors . Aleda faced the challenge by leaning on their accolades and expertise to overcome the obstacles . " My cofounder is a brilliant man with extensive experience building IoT prototypes for Fortune 100 companies , " said Aleda . " It is a great partnership as our skill sets are highly complimentary to each other . Knowing [ that being a husband and wife team ] could be an issue , we have several slides in our appendix that highlight our work together at a large corporation , our experiences working together over the last 15 years and other companies with couplepreneurs that have been successful and exited . We never try to hide or marriage and see it as a strength . " Aleda 's inner strength stems from growing up in a family of entrepreneurs . Her father had a business that went under and they had to struggle to make it back . Aleda pulls inspiration from this life experience and uses this motivation as her time as an entrepreneur . SP " The reality of what can happen as an entrepreneur is not lost on me . There are days where everything clicks and you there are days where you feel like you are dancing with the infamous ' trough of sorrow , ' " Aleda said . Women in the workforce consistently deal with the difference in pay grade , raises and promotions . One of the contributing factors to this problem is that women simply do n't ask for more and that needs to change , Aldea said . Her advice to female founders is simple : remember to ask for what you want and that you are not alone . " There are so many people rooting for you that you have never even met . There are corporations out there rooting for you to succeed - use them as a resource . I was fortunate enough to work on the Innovators Initiative at American Airlines providing travel grants to promising startups and also meeting with many other corporations who are doing the same . As a founder , these are a valuable resource as you are setting up your company , " Aleda said . As a founder you have to learn to roll with the punches , appreciate the little wins and continue to believe in your product . " As a founder , you have to learn how to ride the waves , celebrate the high points , learn from the low points and just keep going . What keeps me motivated is that as a founder these are problems I get to have and I believe in my product , my team and myself enough to keep pushing , " Aleda said . Read about more inspirational moments from founders here on Tech . Co
( Appuri Photo ) SP It 's been a busy start to 2017 for Appuri . The Seattle - based startup just landed $ 2 million in funding from existing investors Divergent Ventures , Vulcan Capital , Baseline and TDF Ventures to help companies keep customers invested in their services . Appuri will use the cash infusion to expand its sales , marketing , product and success teams . Apprui , which launched in 2012 and graduated from the 9Mile Labs accelerator in 2013 , collects customer usage data to predict when customers are dissatisfied with a service so companies can combat attrition . Appuri 's platform applies a " churn score " to various customers , indicating the likelihood that they may leave . The news of the funding round follows the appointment of new CEO Todd Owens , who was formerly CEO of TalentWise . Owens replaces Damon Danieli , who co - founded Appuri with Bilal Aslam , a former Microsoft employee who previously ran the Windows Azure Store . Danieli , who previously served as CTO and founder of mobile games company Z2 , is now Appuri 's chief technology officer . Paul Judy , a former TalentWise vice president and T - Mobile director , followed Owens to Appuri , and is now the company 's chief marketing officer . The latest round brings Appuri to $ 6.25 million in total funding ; Steve Anderson , the first person to invest in Instagram , is also an investor in Appuri . The company is up to 15 employees .
If we look at the startup landscape in Africa ( and read the press ) it is clear that fintech is one of the fastest growing sectors on the continent . The African Tech Startups Funding Report , released in January by Disrupt Africa found that in 2016 , 29.6% of startup investment in the region went to fintech companies . Read more : Report : African tech startups receive funding boost in 2016 This $ 55-million sum is a clear indication that there is energy and ambition among entrepreneurs and innovators for fintech -- and significant appetite from investors . However , fintech is only part of the picture . The entrepreneurial base has rapidly grown since 2015 - tech startups attracted 16.8% more funding in 2016 than 2015 . The focus on early - stage startups is noticeable when looking at the figures from the Disrupt Africa Report : 146 early - stage companies received a total of $ 129 m in 2016 - more startups sharing the pot with fewer " standout tickets " . Fintech represents low - hanging -- fruit for innovators and investors because many parts of the region are underserved with financial services . We have also seen growth in machine - to - machine innovation in Africa . M2 M refers to direct communication between devices using any communications channel , including wired and wireless . M2 M includes industrial instrumentation . Thanks to application software , M2 M can monitor temperatures and inventories , while in the consumer sector it can help to streamline products that consumers buy and keep them working efficiently . In Africa , M2 M is being used for healthcare services , utilities , conservation and even the mining industry . Ovum 's Africa Market Outlook , " ... believes that the utility sector offers the biggest opportunity among industry verticals in Africa for growth in M2 M connections , particularly for the retail sector ; mainly for payments , which are expected to be more profitable . " The revolution in the telcommunications sector in sub - Saharan Africa is a story that we are already familiar with , particularly with mobile payment solutions . So , does this surge in technological entrepreneurship tell us anything about what is happening at a grassroots level , within communities and society in general ? What we do know is that incubator hubs and region - wide funding initiatives have become significantly more widespread over recent years . There is a highly noticeable effort on the part of governments and private enterprises to raise awareness of entrepreneurship and promote innovation . " Makerspaces " have also come to the fore over the past few years , which provide a wider range of services and facilities than the traditional incubator hub : access to training in business skills , lectures , manufacturing and production facilities , bootcamp - style courses and rapid - growth accelerator hubs . The innovation ecosystem in Africa has done more than grow , it has exploded right across the region . Venture capital ( VC ) funding for startups has also sharply increased in Africa . Data from Crunchbase , TNA Analysis shows that VC funding for technology startups stood at only $ 40.6 m in 2012 . Within two years the figure surged to $ 414 m and is projected to reach around $ 608 m in 2018 . The 2015 book , " The Next Africa " by Aubrey Hruby and Jake Bright also supports this trend . They point out that there are roughly 200 innovation hubs , 3,500 new tech - related ventures and $ 1 billion in venture capital to a pan - African movement of startup entrepreneurs . Fintech is clearly the story of the moment , with major successes such as bitcoin , blockchain and mobile - money solutions . Mobile technology is however also set to grow and provide major opportunities for VC 's and investors . For several years , healthcare programmes have been rolled out using smart technologies . Examples include Nigeria 's Smart programme , which dramatically reduces the turnaround time for infant HIV diagnosis . Notable startups in the sector this year include a low - cost solution for hearing problems , Vela ( a medical referral app ) and a non - invasive malaria testing kit called Matibabu . The entrepreneurial ecosystem is charging ahead in the right direction , creating jobs and wealth . Yet , most important is the fact that so many startups are creating practical , affordable solutions to problems on their own doorsteps : African solutions for African challenges . These solutions are transforming lives in every sphere of society , which makes what is happening in the world of African startups so important . The role that investors play is therefore especially important because there is a direct correlation between capital going in and game - changing innovations coming out . Jean - Claude Bastos de Morais is the founder of the African Innovation Foundation .
Automation has been a major theme within the technology sector in recent months , as attention turns to how it will affect white - collar professionals such as lawyers . However , some are already way ahead of the curve . One such company is RAVN , a startup based in London that works primarily with the legal sector and corporate lawyers . Clients include Berwin Leighton Paisner , Sky and Bloomberg . " The legwork of the legal industry is reading documents , " cofounder Jan Van Hoecke tells Techworld . " This is about automating the reading process . " Its AI software reads , interprets and extracts information from documents , converting unstructured data into structured output more quickly and accurately than any human , the company claims . RAVN 's four founders ( Van Hoecke , Peter Wallqvist , Sjoerd Smeets and Simon Pecovnik ) met while working for another UK tech firm , Autonomy . " The company does n't bear a very great name anymore because of it appearing in the press in quite a bad way , " Van Hoecke admits , referring to HP 's botched PS7 billion acquisition of Autonomy in 2011 . " It was quite innovative when it launched , its first few years and its products - the initial vision was really good , " Van Hoecke says , although by the end " it was not innovating , and we figured we could do it better ourselves . " For the first year and a half the founders were based out of Peter and Simon 's flat . " I was still the earliest one in the office even though they just had to crawl out of bed , " laughs Van Hoecke . RAVN has always been entirely self - funded , and managed to secure success by picking up some impressive initial clients like Bloomberg . " People always say if you keep control , you will never regret it , " Van Hoecke says . " But you might regret taking investors on board . It 's tempting because you know with money you can do a lot of things . But if so many people say this , there might be some truth to it , right ? " SP Originally the founders sold consultancy services , but they soon shifted to selling products . RAVN now employs 46 people at its London HQ , plus one office in Amsterdam and another in New York . The main focus was on developing new products for processing unstructured data , which make up the vast majority of most organisations ' data . RAVN worked to improve the ability of software to analyse documents with its product RAVN ACE ( Applied Cognitive Engine ) . The company provides a ' Knowledge Graph ' , which links together information within organisations : by document , team , project and so on . " We trademarked it and Google has in the meantime breached our trademark , so we should probably sue them - but on the other hand that 's probably not going to happen , " Van Hoecke laughs . RAVN also offers enterprise search products , which help to make it easier for people to find specific information within their company . " Documents are not the final entity of information , " he explains . " If you are looking for something - say how to switch on the screensaver of your Mac - you do n't want to go through a 20 page manual . You want to get an answer . " " We have a lot of competitors on the search market , but market is fragmented , " he adds . " Search engine companies stagnated , they were bought off by organisations like IBM and Microsoft and there was very little innovation . There still is , we 're not challenged very often . " The fact RAVN has become a company that focuses on ' AI for lawyers ' was not a deliberate choice , according to Van Hoecke . " We just got into it quite early , and we got quite good at it , " he says . " We got a good reputation as well . " The reason RAVN has been so successful within the legal sector is not so much down to the type of documents involved , but the fact that the people reading them are expensive , and there is a big pressure on lawyers to become cheaper . " They have one of the most old - fashioned ways of working in terms of the automating of their processes , " Van Hoecke says . Another factor is the exponential growth of documents within legal firms . " There are more contracts , they are becoming larger , so that means your legal costs will go up exponentially , which is obviously not feasible , " he adds . Van Hoecke says he does not believe that RAVN 's technology is replacing jobs . " It 's not replacing lawyers , it 's enhancing them , " he says . " I do n't pitch this as an AI lawyer doing things on their own . It 's more a calculator . If you do those computations manually that takes so much time . Likewise you do n't want to read 1,000 contracts . You want to get facts out of it and make your analysis - that 's what you are good at , that 's where your know - how comes in . " Looking ahead to the rest of 2017 , RAVN hopes to embed its reputation as an AI company and broaden its reach beyond legal into sectors like telecoms , finance and insurance . However , like many tech firms , the founders have Brexit - related fears regarding immigration . " I think we employ 16 nationalities . That 's not by design . It 's by circumstance . We have Scandinavian clients , French and Spanish and for that we need native speakers in those languages . I do n't know if we have to worry about our staff leaving . I hope not , " Van Hoecke says . However , he remains upbeat about London 's prospects as a tech hub . " People sometimes ask me ' why did you start it in London ? ' But I think the question should be turned around , " he says . " It 's because of London that we started . It still is one of the best places in Europe to start a tech company and did n't have that overhyped cycle that the Valley has , or the extremely high wages the Valley has . There is a lot of talent and there are a lot of clients . The only negative part is that office space is quite expensive . "
We all love a good challenge , especially ones that showcase seriously groundbreaking health projects . After all , breakthrough technology is what will keep humanity around for a few more years , amirite ? Anyway , technology with the power to give people with disabilities the power to control objects with their minds ; automated breast health monitoring , and a wireless injectable device for connected drug delivery services are among projects in development by eight semifinalists selected for the Accenture Health Tech Innovation Challenge . The challenge brings together leading - edge startups with prominent health and life sciences organizations to tackle some of the world 's greatest health challenges including access , affordability and transparency . The eight semifinalists were chosen from more than 500 applicants by leading industry executives from many of the largest health and life sciences companies in the world . Here 's a break down of who they are and what they do : This startup fills a technological void for patients that are cognitively aware , but unable to move or communicate . Based on the proprietary Brain - Computer Interface technology , it aims to give people with certain disabilities the power to control objects with their minds , allowing them to control a communicator , domestic devices -- think lights , doors , windows , alarms , temperature , bed positions and so on -- wheelchairs , and other assistive technology . A new medical camera that aims to mitigate Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) privacy risk by providing a visual narrative by putting photos , videos , chat and sensor data directly in the hands of patients and their doctors to better enable more efficient care , communications and collaboration to monitor progress , assess in historical health context and decide on optimal healthcare approach . Cupris has developed smartphone technologies connected to medical devices and a secure software platform to better enable doctors to discuss patient cases remotely and patients to receive diagnoses and advice from doctors without having to see the doctor in person . This can reduce unnecessary and expensive face - to - face consultations in developed countries and extends medical expertise to those living in remote areas in developing countries who might have limited access to care . This business is helping patients get their blood tests carried out in the waiting room at the doctor 's office and even in the emergency room before they see a doctor , enabling their caregiver to receive instant analysis . A project that aims to provide a secure and HIPPA - compliant communication platform for doctors and healthcare providers to use features and tools that help maximize productivity and workflow . The platform employs Mexbot , a chat bot that connects doctors and nurses to hospital data from labs , radiology , and electronic medical records to improve patient care . Noona , This mobile service supports the remote monitoring of cancer patients and real - world data collection to track symptoms and well - being between hospital visits . It provides pharmaceutical companies with patient reported outcomes data during clinical trials that can help with assessing the value of new treatments . An exciting proposition , QuiO has developed a real - time , wireless injection device and cloud platform for connected drug delivery devices , providing connected software for monitoring , engaging and supporting patients taking injectable therapies . UE LifeSciences , Inc c This company designs and develops point - of - care , easy - to - use and affordable cancer detection tools for use in the developing world , It has created the iBreastExam , an FDA - approved , hand - held , battery powered , wireless mHealth solution for early detection of breast lesions for use by public and private health agencies . Anne O'Riordan , senior managing director of Accenture Life Sciences , said , " We 're extremely impressed with the energy and enthusiasm the startups have demonstrated when creating solutions that could disrupt the way traditional care is provided . " It 's exciting to work with the entrepreneurs because , like Accenture , they picture a future where technology solutions not only arm the health industry with far - more - sophisticated , fine - tuned data but also improve the lives of patients and provide better outcomes for healthcare providers . " The final judging round will take place at the StartUp Health Festival in San Francisco on January 9 , 2017 . SP
Sure , we 'll have some exciting speakers and an electrifying pitch competition , but what makes a startup event exceptionally good , are the people you meet and connect with . At the EU - Startups Conference , we 'll have about 400 of them . Below you 'll find a short intro to 40 awesome people you 're going to meet at this year 's EU - Startups Conference on April 13 in Berlin . We 're listing them in no particular order . The full attendee list , which is currently building up , as well as tickets , can be found here . Simon Meehan is the European Affairs Director at TATA Group - a multi - sectoral global enterprise , comprising over 100 independent companies operating in over 100 countries . Philipp Medrow is Partner in PwC 's Assurance Audit practice in Berlin and PwC NextLevel Leader . PwC has a startup team that is particularly familiar with your company 's needs and challenges . Peter Vesterbacka : In his previous role as CMO at Rovio , Peter helped to make the Angry Birds franchise one of the most popular games of all times . Peter is also the founder of Slush and Lightneer . Bernd Auer is the Country Mananger DACH of Teamleader - an integrated All - in - one - Tool for CRM , quotation management , project management , time recording and invoicing for SMEs . Ferry Heilemann and his brother Fabian founded DailyDeal - the first European couponing portal , which they sold to Google for about $ 114 million after 22 months . Raffaela Rein is the founder and CEO of CareerFoundry , Europe 's leading online school for UX / UI Design , Web & Mobile Development . At the EU - Startups Conference , Raffaela will share her learnings on how to build an UX - led company . Anna Bofill Bert is the Team Lead EMEA at SendGrid - a cloud - based customer communication platform that successfully delivers over 30 billion emails each month . Jeff Burton is a co - founder of Electronic Arts . He started his career as the third employee of Atari 's International Home Computer Division SP responsible for its business development throughout Europe and the Middle East Jeroen De Wit is the founder and CEO of Teamleader , an integrated All - in - one - Tool for CRM , quotation management , project management , time recording and invoicing for SMEs . Nils Seger is the founder and Managing Director of RCKT . The Digital Consultancy of Rocket Internet has the goal to goal to guide companies and brand into the digital age . Federica Bordoni is a Marketing Executive at Aruba . Aruba Cloud offers startups great Cloud technology and a three - year program to support them as they develop their business . Jesper Buch : Jesper is a serial entrepreneur and founder of the European unicorn Just Eat . He is also a dragon in the Danish version of Dragons Den / Shark Tank and one of the most active angel investors in Europe . Marcin Szelag : Partner at Innovation Nest , a seed investment firm based in Cracow ( Poland ) . Innovation Nest focuses on European early - stage SaaS companies . Rouven Dresselhaus : Partner at Cavalry Ventures , a Berlin - based VC firm which makes early - stage investments in teams who question the status quo and think big . Axel Hoefer : Axel is Chairman and co - founder of Yesss Capital - an early - stage seed fund focusing on Technology , Energy and Entertainment startups in North America , Europe and the developing world . Chiara Sommer : Senior Investment Manager at High - Tech Grunderfonds ( HTGF ) , the leading seed investor for German startups with a total volume of EUR565.5 million . Daniil Murin : Business Development Manager at Tiantang Ventures - a company builder for digital ventures with a focus on South East Asia which helps startups in the areas of FinTech , AdTech and E - Commerce succeed . Mathias Ockenfels : Principal at Point Nine Capital , an early - stage VC firm primarily focused on SaaS and online marketplaces . Point Nine is based in Berlin , but invests all over the world . Julius Russmann : Analyst at Earlybird Venture Capital , a VC firm which backs European companies that have a global profile , from a few hundred thousand up to $ 15 million . Antonino Sacca : CEO & Founder Hephaestus Venture , a recently founded VC firm with the goal to support the internationalization and expansion of European startups to Brazil . Kinga Stanislawska : Founder & Managing Partner at Experior Venture Fund - a Polish VC firm which invests between EUR200k and EUR3 million in high - growth innovative companies . David Stuck : Venture Capital Analyst at bmp Beteiligungsmanagement AG - a Berlin - based VC firm which supports exceptional entrepreneurs building successful companies . Alexander Kolpin : Managing Director & Partner at WestTech Ventures - a technology - oriented seed venture capital investor in Berlin . WestTech Ventures also runs an accelerator program called Project Flying Elephant . Alex Spain : Senior Associate at Atomico - an international investment firm , focused on helping the world 's most disruptive technology companies scale and become global leaders . Melanie Schroder : Senior Investment Manager at Axel Springer Plug and Play , a startup accelerator which provides office space , access to a global network , and EUR25 K funding . Grega Potokar : Co - Founder of ABC Venture Gates , an organisation which helps promising startups to conquer the German market . Headquartered in Silicon Valley , the ABC group also runs accelerator programs in Slovenia and India . Carl - Luis Rieger : Investment Analyst at Kompass Digital , a Berlin - based VC fund . Through early stage investments , the firm aims to back digital , EU - based startups with the potential to shape industries and expand their reach globally . Thomas P Offner is bridging the gap between the corporate and the startup world - in his self defined role as a Quarterback for PwC C Thomas will join us as a judge at this year 's Pitch Competition . Tarmo Virki is the editor of the startup blog ArcticStartup and co - founder of " CoFounder " - the coolest print magazine dedicated to the European startup landscape . Florian Kandler is a Vienna - based entrepreneur and the creator of the awesome Startup Milestones Podcast , where he interviews successful founders from all across Europe . Madara Ambrena is the Deputy Head of Foreign Investment Attraction , Tourism and Export Promotion Division of the Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia . Peter Kovacs is the co - founder of the headhunting agency IseeQ , the Central European Startup Awards , and xLabs . Also , Peter is part of the editorial team of EU - Startups.com . Markus Elsasser is the founder and publisher of the StartupValley magazine - a print and online publications about startups from Germany with the potential to conquer and dominate international markets . Philip Hemme is a French - German Entrepreneur and the founder of Labiotech . Founded in 2014 , Labiotech today is the leading digital media covering the European Biotech industry . Aziza Idrissi Janati is the Innovation Manager and the startup program lead at BNP Paribas . OpenUp is the BNP Paribas Group initiative to foster collaboration with startups . Henry Joseph - Grant worked for JUST EAT from the start - up stage to the IPO . Today he 's a Startup Advisor , Mentor at Seedcamp and writer for the Irish Tech News . Dimitris Tsingos is a tech entrepreneur and early stage investor . He 's the Founder and CEO of Starttech Ventures , a Greek micro - VC , but also of Virtual Trip , one of the first tech startups in Greece . Christoph Sollich is the is a startup consultant specializing in business model generation , strategy , marketing and pitching . He 's also know as the " Pitch Doctor " Thomas Ohr ( yes , that 's me ) is the founder and editor of EU - Startups.com , one of the leading startup publications in Europe . He 's also the organizer of the EU - Startups Conference and the CEO of Menlo Media . Michel Bohata : As International Sales & Marketing Manager at Wirecard , Michel is currently focusing on developing the Scandinavian market for the multi - national payment enterprise and supporting sales strategies in the UK & Ireland . Interested to join ? Secure your ticket now ! We kept it affordable : The two ticket categories we 're offering ( EUR49 / EUR99 ) already include food and drinks during the event . Tickets can be purchased here ! A big " Thank You " goes out to our Sponsors : Teamleader helps you and your team work smarter so your small business prospers . Bringing CRM , project management and invoicing together with an intuitive software solution , Teamleader enables your team to collaborate , organize and build your business . Hiscox is a leading specialist insurer and offers tailored insurance cover for sole traders , freelancers or contractors , as well as small business owners . This includes professional indemnity for the specific business needs in IT , marketing and advertising , recruitment and management consultancy . Often , self - employed freelancers and startups are not sure what kind of risks they might face , and what cover they need . Hiscox does its best to explain what the different insurance policies can cover and provides excellent service to its clients . PwC NextLevel unifies the products and services PwC offers to startups and scale - ups . PwC Europe 's startup initiative has access to the global PwC Network ( 220,000 + people in 157 countries ) and is able to help in every single facet of your business . PwC provides industry focused assurance , tax and advisory services to enhance value for its clients and their stakeholders . OpenUp is the BNP Paribas Group initiative to foster collaboration with startups . It is a program and a digital platform connecting BNP Paribas employees working on innovation or business topics with startups worldwide . Our ambition is to co - create innovation together with fintech startups and build up the future of banking with innovative companies . Tata group is a multi - sectoral global enterprise headquartered in India , comprising over 100 independent companies operating in over 100 countries . Tata has always been committed to innovation and helping the next generation of entrepreneurs , wherever it operates , through its various initiatives across Europe . Tata partners with NACUE to deliver the Varsity Pitch Competition , which is one of the UK 's leading graduate entrepreneur pitching competitions , while in the Netherlands Tata recently partnered with Team Academy to support EU - based student entrepreneurs . Aruba Cloud , part of the Aruba Group and one of cloud computing leaders in Europe , offers startups the best Cloud technology and a three - year program to support them as they develop their business plans . By taking part in We START you UP , startups will have up to EUR9,000 of free Cloud credit , complimentary technical support , an European network of Data Center and many more exclusive benefits to help them in the market . Wirecard is a global technology group that supports companies in accepting electronic payments from all sales channels . Using the Wirecard Checkout Portal , merchants can easily , quickly and cost - effectively select the individual payment methods they need and integrate them in their online shop . With the Checkout Portal , merchants benefit from secure payments with an integrated fraud prevention , a multilingual support , partner models and a transparent pricing .
News broke earlier this week that 22seven would finally be absorbed into Old Mutual , following the app 's acquisition in 2013 . It was also confirmed that co - founders Christo Davel and Kenny Inngs would be leaving the business as a result . Now , Davel has explained the reason for his departure in an interview with Ventureburn . " It was just a differing of long - term strategies , mostly ... " Davel explained in a telephonic interview , confirming that it was a mutual agreement . " Oh yes , it was a very amicable agreement between us and Old Mutual . " Davel confirmed that 22seven was looking for buyers last year , elaborating on the process . " We were engaged with a couple of potential buyers , but none of the ... deals came to fruition between the buyers and Old Mutual ... And subsequently ... Old Mutual decided to not sell their stake in 22seven . And that 's when me and my team decided that the best thing for us will be to step out and carry on with our strategy elsewhere . " At the time of the deal in 2013 , the two companies said that expansion plans were afoot . In fact , Old Mutual 's Carlton Hood said that the UK was the first target for expansion . So what became of those plans , then ? " We still have that ambition . We still think our future strategy ( is to ) expand outside South Africa . And Old Mutual does n't , " Davel answered . Does that mean that we could see a 22seven rival ? " We have a very clear and fair arrangement with Old Mutual . We wo n't compete exactly with 22seven as it is today . We definitely are ... formulating some plans which we think will be exciting and will address the needs of the consumer . There are just so many opportunities out there at the moment with how technology is evolving . " Ventureburn focuses on startup news and technology trends in emerging markets . More about us here More in News
If you 're tired of going to unproductive meetings , commuting in to work just to put in face time , or following commands from a boss you do n't have much confidence in , you may be the right kind of employee for a new type of work environment called a DAO , or Decentralized Autonomous Organization . We 're in the early stages of seeing these futuristic types of companies roll out already . These early players have run into some missteps , but that 's to be expected . What 's important in the concept of a DAO is the D : " decentralized . " In a DAO , a blockchain - based organization , you do n't have a boss or a CEO . What you have is a dynamic set of working relationships continuously and dynamically self - organized around outcomes and projects . To participate in a DAO , you must " buy in " , literally . You need to own a " token " or " coin " , the ownership of which is recorded in the blockchain . In the future , obtaining these coins will be easier . Today , the most common route is to buy Bitcoin with your dollars , euros , yen , etc . and then use the Bitcoin to buy the tokens or coins of the specific DAOs in which you wish to be a member . Increasingly , you can buy another crypto - currency , Ether ( based on the Ethereum blockchain ) as your entry point . For many people , Coinbase is the on - ramp of choice to this world from fiat . From there , people go through an exchange like Bittrex or Kraken . Alternatively , someone who has a coin can send you some . For example , if you want some IOP ( Internet of People ) tokens , I can get you some . If you 're willing to do this , you ' ve already earned it . Welcome aboard . Now , you 're in . * ( IOP is just one of many DAOs vying to make an impact . Full disclosure : I own some IOPs ) . Now that you are a " member " of the DAO , which is provable to all via the public , open ledger that is a blockchain , your compensation comes in two ways : The increase in the DAO 's token value comes simply from supply and demand . As the total token supply for each DAO is either fixed or predictably inflationary and it is known to all , the value of the tokens increase along with demand . ( A key benefit is that the supply of tokens is not easily subject to future dilution by central administrators such as government officials or incompetent executives . Ah , the power of blockchains ! ) . While you can buy more tokens or simply sit back and watch / hope that the value of your tokens increases , you can also earn more of them by helping the DAO achieve its objectives . To understand how that works , there are a few things you need to understand about DAOs vs. traditional organizations . Unlike a traditional organization , the priorities of a DAO are n't " set from the top . " There 's no command and control . There 's no boss . While there may be active members of the community who have identified certain needs , say " a new website " or " a new feature for an application , " it 's not a mandate . No one must do it . But if a project makes the DAO more valuable , useful , or meaningful for its members and for potential future members , then ( and here 's the beauty of it ) people WANT to do it . It 's in their own best interest to do so . Because the one thing that everyone in the DAO shares is this : Every single person wants the value of the tokens to increase . So , everyone is hyper - focused on putting as much value into the DAO as possible and , conversely , extremely disinterested in doing anything that does n't add value . And this is where the opportunities abound for people like you . If you identify an opportunity to add value to the DAO -- " Hey , the website is too slow and I can make it more responsive " ( for example ) -- you can submit a Contribution Contract ( here 's how you can do it for IOP and for DASH ) to the community and make the proposal . You lay out what you are going to do for the DAO and how you think it will add value . The other existing token holders have an opportunity to vote on your proposal . If your proposal is persuasive in that others believe it is really going to increase the value of the token , then it will pass . If it is n't , then it will fail . We can dive into the different forms of DAO governance another time , but for now , let 's assume this voting system works well enough . And let 's assume your proposal passes . You commit to a set of deliverables over a period and , in return , you are " paid " by the DAO in new tokens at a predefined interval . You may earn 10 tokens every hour or 10 tokens every month . You set the price , others approve it or reject it . Once you have made a deal with the DAO , it 's in the blockchain . You 're good to go . Your job now is " deliver or have your contract canceled . " If you do n't deliver , you lose credibility within the community and get perceived as someone who does n't add value . You probably wo n't have too many opportunities to earn tokens in the future because people wo n't vote you in . Reputation matters ... a lot . This makes you hyper - focused on managing your time and efforts . Which is where the freedom from bad meeting tyranny comes in . At this point in your DAO relationship you are asking yourself , every moment of every day : " Will this add activity value to the project ? " If yes , you do it . If no , then you say , " You know , my skills and time are better spent elsewhere . " And since there are no bosses , you do n't catch any heat . Sure , there are politics , as is the case with any organization with more than one person , but it 's of a different nature . In a " traditional " command and control environment , authority determines effort . That 's why your boss can make you go to a bad meeting . In a decentralized environment , value contributed to the project 's success determines influence . That influence determines where efforts should be focused . Bottom line : Your incentive is to create as much value as you can for the project , based on your skill set and beliefs , not based on what your boss thinks . We ' ve heard the words " radical transformation " or " radical disruption " so many times that it has risen to " boy who cried wolf " levels . I get that . It sounds almost implausible . But , if you believe ( as I clearly do ! ) that blockchain and decentralized technologies represent a once - in - a - generation type change that , like the Internet , will touch every aspect of our lives , then it is n't such a far cry to think that the entire way we work will change too . As Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos famously said , " When I ' m 80 , am I going to regret leaving Wall Street ? No . Will I regret missing a chance to be there at the beginning of the Internet ? Yes . " Make sure you do n't miss the beginning of the DAO era . * Standard legal disclaimer here . This is n't an official " giveaway " or promotion . I ' m just trying to help . I only have enough for 300 people and will do my best to process them . If you ca n't abide by these " rules " , please do n't send me a note . Jeremy Epstein is CEO of Never Stop Marketing and currently works with startups in the blockchain and decentralization space , including OB1 1/OpenBazaa , Internet of People , & Storj . He advises F2000 organizations on the implications of blockchain technology . Previously , he was VP of marketing at Sprinklr from Series A to " unicorn " status .
After announcing its goal to build the ' network of the future ' last year , Telstra announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona overnight the continuation of its partnership with Ericsson , with the two companies working to launch a Cat - M1 Internet of Things ( IoT ) network throughout Australia . Trials of the network are already underway in Melbourne and TaBsmania , where data around leaf wetness , soil moisture , soil temperature , rainfall , solar radiation , and wind speed and direction was collected at Pooley Wines in Richmond . Sierra Wireless , Altair and Bosch are device partners in the Tasmanian trial . Mike Wright , Telstra 's managing director of Networks , said the advantages of Cat - M1 include low cost , low power consumption , deep coverage , and high reliability of transmission . " Cat - M1 can enhance LTE coverage for underground and in - building areas that challenge existing coverage , " he added . SP With this , Wright said customers can deploy a range of near real - time applications across logistics , utilities , medicine , transport , mining , agriculture , manufacturing , and other sectors . SP Emilio Romero , head of Ericsson Australia and New Zealand , said , " As consumers and enterprises are rapidly embracing the opportunities of IoT , we are enabling the LTE network to be ready for the next phase of user demands . " Telstra will support the operation of Cat - M1 devices and solutions across its 4 G network as they become commercially available . The announcement comes after various towns and cities across Australia have already begun experimenting with IoT networks on their own . Earlier this year Townsville City Council announced a partnership with Campbell Scientific Australia to launch a city - wide IoT network . Using the open standard LoRaWAN protocol and Campbell Scientific 's Altoview IoT platform , the publicly - available network will consist of a number of gateways , with coverage of approximately 1000 km2 . The aim of the project is to enable the community to engage with science ; scientists from James Cook University have begun collaborating with local students to monitor things such as temperature , humidity , and water quality around the city . Meanwhile , Sydney IoT startup Thinxtra last November launched a Partnership Program for Smart Councils , looking to offer 50 local councils around Australia the chance to be connected to the IoT and bring related solutions to their communities . Thinxtra , which raised $ 11 million in a Series A funding round in September , creates IoT solutions and services , and has also been tasked with rolling out the low - powered , wide area network ( LPWAN ) of French IoT company Sigfox around Australia . The IoT network is just on project Telstra and Ericsson are working on ; as well as expanding Telstra 's long haul , metro and regional optical networks , Ericsson , in partnership with Qualcomm , will also be working to prepare Telstra for 5 G , testing the 5 G New Radio ( NR ) specifications being developed by 3GPP .
